1_10ecb.xml
Perennial party girl Tara Reid checked herself into Promises Treatment Center , her rep told People . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' the 33-year-old actress 's rep Jack Ketsoyan told the magazine exclusively for their Web site . Ketsoyan would not say what the `` American Pie '' star was being treated for . A friend of the actress told People she went to Promises on Tuesday and that her friends and family supported her decision . Reid launched a new fashion line called Mantra in December .

1_10ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2013 may 03 local la - me - 0504 - lohan - rehab - 20130504 Lindsay Lohan checks into Betty Ford Center May 03 , 2013 After skipping out on entering a Newport Beach rehabilitation facility and facing the prospect of arrest for violating her probation , Lindsay Lohan has checked into the Betty Ford Center to begin a 90 - day court - mandated stay in her reckless driving conviction . Lohan was previously at Betty Ford from September 2010 to January 2011 after a probation violation in a prior drunk driving case . Her latest stay at Betty Ford comes after Lohan rear - ended a truck with her Porsche on Pacific Coast Highway on June 8 , and then lied to police , telling them she was not driving .

1_11ecb.xml
Tara Reid has entered a rehab program , the American Pie star 's rep confirmed to People and Us Weekly on Friday . The news comes as a shock for everyone who just assumed the seldom-seen actress had been holed up there for a while - at least when she was n't touring U.S. frat houses and/or tequila conventions . `` Tara Reid has checked herself into Promises Treatment Center , '' Reid 's rep told Us . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time . '' No specific reason or addiction was given for her treatment . When Reid was n't getting attention for her sometimes fun/sometimes scary breasts , the actress was getting attention for her often-shambolic love of partying . Reid 's messy lifestyle led to her short lived E ! -series , Taradise , that followed her to exotic locales where she would party . Somehow , Reid managed to mess up the dream-job/easiest job ever by being too wasted and out of control to film it . `` It was a mess , '' she said of the show . `` I did n't know it was going to ruin my career . People forget I 've done , like , 20 movies . I 'm not just a party girl. `` While Reid has been out of the cinematic spotlight , she recently launched a clothing line , Mantra , and is dating French fashion designer Julien Jarmoune . In an interview in October , Reid told People she was a `` social drinker '' who 's no longer tempted to fall back into her old habits: `` No . I 've done it . Trust me . I 've done enough for a lifetime of everything . I 've had a great time . I partied . I had fun . I ate and drank whatever . I dated a million guys , but I 'm so happy with where I 'm at right now . I do n't need to do anything anymore . ''

1_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com entertainment gossip lindsay - lohan - checks - newport - beach - rehab - article - 1 . 1333220 Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab at Betty Ford Center , rehires longtime lawyer Shawn Holley Actress Lindsay Lohan finally checked into court - mandated rehab at the Betty Ford Center late Thursday , after hiring former lawyer Shawn Holley for help . PUBLISHED : THURSDAY , MAY 2 , 2013 , 1 : 32 PM UPDATED : FRIDAY , MAY 3 , 2013 , 9 : 56 AM Lindsay Lohan checked into California's Betty Ford Center rehab facility late Thursday , dodging arrest after whirlwind confusion surrounding the actress' whereabouts , sources told the Daily News . It's the same place the troubled starlet sought help in 2010 , where she got into a physical altercation with a staffer .

1_12ecb.xml
Well , here 's something that we all knew would happen eventually . Tara Reid has checked into Promises Treatment Center , a prominent rehab clinic in Los Angeles . In the late 90s Reid was a pop bubblegum princess with a starring role in the American Pie franchise and a relationship with Carson Daly . Now she 's known primarily for partying far too hard and accidentally exposing her naughty bits to the paparazzi . It 's too late for her to salvage a Hollywood career , but at least she can keep her liver from shriveling into a little grey ball . Well , it is n't even released yet , but apparently the positive buzz surrounding the trailers for Terminator Salvation is enough to warrant making a sequel . McG made the announcement in Dubai over the weekend , stating that the project was shooting for a 2011 release date . Now , I 'm as excited to see the new Terminator movie as anybody , but is this really a good idea ? What if the film is terrible and bombs at the box office ? Warner Brothers appears to be pretty damn confident about this one . We 'll see what happens . Sadly last week we learned that Ricky Gervais would not be hosting the Oscars . This was a disappointing blow , but there was hope that Chris Rock , Jon Stewart or another favourtie host of recent years would get a chance to return . Sadly that 's not the case . Instead Hugh Jackman will be hosting what will undoubtedly be the most bland and unfunny Oscar night in recent memory . Seriously , Jackman ? Why is he qualified to do this ? They are n't even trying to find good people to host that show anymore .

1_12ecbplus.xml
http : nypost . com 2013 05 02 lindsay - lohan - is - mia - after - pretending - to - check - into - unlicensed - calif - rehab - center Lindsay Lohan is MIA after pretending to check into unlicensed Calif . rehab center May 2 , 2013 | 5 : 03pm “ The “ Mean Girls ” star fooled an L . A Superior Court judge , a Santa Monica prosecutor and apparently her own lawyer , by pretending to check into a rehabilitation facility , but chickening out when she got there . Prosecutor Terry White told The Post a couple hours after a court hearing — where Lohan ’ s lawyer Mark Heller said she was “ ensconced in the bosom ” of Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach — “ I hear she ’ s on her way to LAX and getting on a flight back to New York . ” Unfortunately , Morningside is unlicensed and photogs snapped her shopping for gadgets at the very moment of her alleged check in . Lohan reportedly pulled up to Morningside in an SUV but the vehicle left without the actress ever getting out . “ The facility that Lindsay is now in , that ’ s not a licensed residential drug treatment center , ” California Department of Alcohol and Drug Program deputy director Millicent Tidwell told The Post .

1_13ecb.xml
It 's about time , right ? Perpetual mess Tara Reid has finally decided to try and shed her drunk-girl image and has entered rehab . `` Tara Reid has checked herself into Promises Treatment Center , '' her rep told UsMagazine.com . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time . '' The actress , who has n't done anything to speak of in years , has been seen , on so many occasions , wasted out of her mind , unwittingly flashing the paparazzi on the red carpet , looking scary-skinny , and making really D-list personal appearances . Rehab has been calling her name loud and clear for years . Best decision ever . Good luck , Tara .

1_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . ontheredcarpet . com Lindsay - Lohan - checks - into - rehab - to - begin - 90 - day - stint - - lawyer - says 9087997 Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab to begin 90 - day stint , lawyer says 05 02 2013 Lindsay Lohan has checked into a rehab facility to begin a 90 - day court - ordered stint , handed down as part of a sentence for a 2012 car crash case . However , it remains unclear whether a judge will accept her placement at the center , whose location was not revealed publicly , the Associated Press reported , quoting her lawyer Mark Heller as saying on May 2 that prosecutors have not approved it yet . One of them told the judge he needed more time to investigate the place and the judge has given him a May 10 deadline , the news wire said .

1_14ecb.xml
Tara Reid Finally Checks Into Rehab For Undisclosed Reasons It 's been a long time coming , but Tara Reid has finally entered Malibu Promises Treatment Center on Tuesday , her rep told People.com . The 33-year-old hard partying actress finally decided to put an end to her drinking days and get help for her addictions , although her publicist refused to disclose the real reason why Reid checked into rehab . In a statement released to People , the `` American Pie '' star 's rep Jack Ketsoyan confirmed that she was at the same clinic where Britney Spears , Ben Affleck , Charlie Sheen , and Lindsay Lohan were previously treated , and pleaded for her and her family 's privacy at this time . `` Her friends and family are supportive of her decision , `` a friend of the actress said . `` She checked in herself - it was her decision . '' Following her breakthrough in 1999 's `` American Pie , '' the actress has been better known for her partying habits and personal life rather than her movies , which were n't that many in the first place . Three years ago , Reid , who has launched a new fashion line called Mantra in September , opened up about her party girl image saying it was n't accurate and her entourage was a bad influence as well . `` My picture is taken only when I have a cup in my hand , '' she told Us Weekly . `` Trust me , my body is tired . I partied hard . But I think it was that the people I partied with were not the best people . '' Earlier this year , the star said she had turned a corner from being a hard-hitting drinker and was now a `` social drinker . '' When asked about the temptation to fall back into old habits she said she had enough fun and a great time to last her a lifetime . `` I 'm so happy with where I 'm at right now . I do n't need to do anything anymore , '' she added . Besides `` American Pie '' and her E ! reality show `` Taradise , '' Reid has had a recurring role on `` Scrubs '' and starred in `` Van Wilder '' and `` The Big Lebowski . ''

1_14ecbplus.xml
http : www . people . com people article 0 , , 20697025 , 00 . html Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Betty Ford Rehab – Where She 'Knows Everyone' UPDATED 05 03 2013 at 11 : 00 AM EDT Originally published 05 03 2013 at 10 : 20 AM EDT Lindsay Lohan checked into the Betty Ford Clinic in Rancho Mirage , Calif . , on Thursday night , for what is to be a three - month stay , her rep confirms to PEOPLE . "And she showed up [ at Morningside Recovery ] in the morning and hated it . She is interested in going back to Betty Ford because she knows everyone there . " Lohan , who has been in rehab a total of five times before this , was previously in Betty Ford in 2010 . Prior to this check - in to Betty Ford , which was first reported by TMZ . com , California prosecutors had said late Thursday that the troubled actress , 26 , would be arrested if she continued to flout a court order to enter a rehab facility .

1_15ecb.xml
The beautiful party girl Tara Reid is taking the time this season and checking herself into rehab . Yesterday , on Friday , Reid apparently felt she needed to be checked in without really saying why she was going in . People are assuming it 's her party life that is bringing her into rehab , or maybe she 's just going crazy . According to various reports Tara Reid 's representative Jack Ketsoyan left a statement for the press , he said `` We appreciate your respect to her ( Tara Reid ) and her family 's privacy at this time . '' Apparently the beautiful breast slippin babe 's problem is not getting out much like Spears problems were laid out in the media by the paparazzi and friends of the family . Of course who could forget the breast slip photo of Tara Reid on the red carpet where she had no idea her entire left boob was hanging out as reporters snapped tons of pictures and were laughing at her. ( c ) tPC

1_15ecbplus.xml
http : www . starpulse . com news index . php 2013 05 03 lindsay _ lohan _ check _ into _ betty _ ford _ af Lindsay Lohan Check Into Betty Ford After Fleeing Other Rehab Facility May 3rd , 2013 2 : 00pm EDT After leaving rehab in Newport Beach , Calif . , less than an hour after checking in on Thursday , Lindsay Lohan admitted herself to the Betty Ford Center , according to TMZ . com . Her lawyer negotiated with court officials to change the venue of her 90 - day treatment , and the actress traveled to nearby Rancho Mirage to register as a patient . The actress spent time at the Betty Ford Center in 2010 ; however , a member of the staff ended up suing her for assault .

1_16ecbplus.xml
http : www . thehollywoodgossip . com 2013 05 lindsay - lohan - checks - into - rehab - in - newport - beach - investigation - p Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab in Newport Beach ; Investigation of Facility Pending May 2 , 2013 1 : 35 pm . Lindsay Lohan has checked into rehab in Newport Beach , Calif . , and will remain there for the time being , pending an investigation of the facility she chose . This despite the fact that , at the 11th hour , Lohan bailed on rehab in a New York facility that was approved by prosecutors and a judge and flew to L . A .

1_17ecb.xml
The good news is that Tara Reid is getting help , according to People Magazine , for boozing it up too much . `` Tara Reid has checked herself into Promises Treatment Center . We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' the actress 's rep Jack Ketsoyan tells PEOPLE . The rep would not reveal what Reid , 33 , is being treated for . The even better news is that her boobs are still big . The bad news is that they are crooked , a bit off-tilt , if you will . Tara is not going to enjoy Promises , there is no open bar , from what I understand . Do n't forget to tip your waitresses and waiters Tara . This is such a warm holiday story , I am about to melt . I wonder what this means for MTV 's beach house , where Tara 's crooked boobs are somewhat of an iconic symbol for the show ? This could get interesting .

1_17ecbplus.xml
http : www . today . com entertainment lindsay - lohan - checks - rehab - betty - ford - center - 6C9756579 Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab at Betty Ford Center May 3 , 2013 at 7 : 31 AM ET Updated 5 : 40 p . m . ET Early Friday morning , around 1 : 30 a . m . , the 26 - year - old actress checked into Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif .

1_18ecb.xml
The notorious party girl , who makes headlines for her wild antics and plastic surgery-enhanced figure , had checked into the Promises Treatment Centre in Malibu , her publicist confirmed . He did not say what Reid was being treated for . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' he said . Reid , 33 , was infamously photographed topless on the red carpet when her dress slipped off , exposing one of her breasts . Reid has starred in American Pie , and had a guest role in television sitcom Scrubs . She has admitted several of her cosmetic surgery enhancements were botched . She last month dumped her manager in an attempt to clean up her image .

1_18ecbplus.xml
http : www . usatoday . com story life people 2013 05 02 will - hysterical - lindsay - lohan - make - it - to - rehab 2128651 Lindsay Lohan checks into unapproved rehab 12 : 52 p . m . EDT May 2 , 2013 She checked in today . Lohan lawyer Mark Heller told L . A . Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney that Lohan had checked into a rehab , but prosecutors have not signed off on the facility , reports AP . She hopped on a private jet Wednesday night , headed for Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , Calif . , a facility that does allow smoking . CNN says Lohan's lawyer , Mark Heller , made the arrangements for Lohan to check into Morningside , but prosecutors have not approved that facility .

1_19ecb.xml
Tara Reid is seeking help at rehabilitation facility in California . The actress , who shot to fame in 1999 movie American Pie , decided to check in last week . It is unclear what she is being treated for . 'Tara Reid has checked herself into the Promises Treatment Center , ' her rep says in a statement . 'We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time . ' Tara , 33 , was previously engaged to MTV host Carson Daly in 2001 . But they called it off only months before their wedding . She is currently dating her business partner Julien Jarmoune , 34 .

1_19ecbplus.xml
http : www . usmagazine . com celebrity - news news lindsay - lohan - checks - into - betty - ford - clinic - rehires - attorney - shawn - holley - 201335 Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Betty Ford Clinic , Rehires Attorney Shawn Holley MAY 3 , 2013 AT 1 : 10PM The 26 - year troubled starlet narrowly avoided jail time by checking into a second rehab center following her quick exit from Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , Calif . on Thursday , May 2 . Santa Monica Chief Deputy City Attorney Terry White confirmed to the The Associated Press that Lohan has checked into an approved rehab facility . A source tells The Associated Press that the Liz & Dick star is now receiving treatment at the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif . where she has spent time before . Lohan caused a stir on Thursday after she checked out of Morningside Recovery after only a few minutes , risking jail time with a probation violation . Now that Lohan is back at Betty Ford Center , she has also decided to rehire her former attorney Shawn Holley , who had been at her side during many of her courtroom appearances . During Lohan's stay at the famed Betty Ford Center in 2010 , Lohan was accused of attacking a female staffer , but she was not charged .

1_1ecb.xml
Another day in Hollywood ; another star in rehab . Word comes from People magazine and other celebrity news outlets that Tara Reid , 33 , who starred in `` American Pie '' and appeared on U.S. TV show `` Scrubs , ' ' has entered the Promises Treatment Center in Malibu , California - the same facility that in the past has been the rehab facility of choice for many a Hollywood star . People said Reid 's representative Jack Ketsoyan confirmed the actress 's stay at Promises .

1_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . accesshollywood . com lindsay - lohan - leaves - betty - ford - checks - into - malibu - rehab _ article _ 80744 Lindsay Lohan Leaves Betty Ford , Checks Into Malibu Rehab First Published : June 13 , 2013 4 : 59 PM EDT Lindsay Lohan has left the Betty Ford Center and is moving to a rehab facility in Malibu , Calif . , Access Hollywood has confirmed . A spokesperson for The Los Angeles Superior Court confirmed to Access that a judge signed an order yesterday allowing the transfer to Cliffside , where she will continue with her 90 - day court - mandated rehab . Lohan ’ s attorney , Shawn Holley , spoke out about the move . “ Lindsay is grateful for the treatment she received at the Betty Ford Center . She has completed her course of treatment there and looks forward to continuing her treatment and building on the foundation established at Betty Ford , ” Holley said in a statement to Access . The actress checked into the Betty Ford Center in May as part of a plea deal stemming from her June 2012 car accident case .

1_20ecbplus.xml
http : www . x17online . com celebrities lindsay _ lohan lindsay _ lohan _ checks _ out _ betty _ ford _ in _ cliffside _ malibu _ 061313 . php Lindsay Lohan Checks Out Of Betty Ford Treatment Center And Into Malibu Rehab Posted on Thu Jun 13 , 2013 08 : 45 AM PDT Lindsay Lohan has checked out of the Betty Ford Treatment Center in Palm Springs after completing a 30 - day program , but she's not in the clear yet ! The Mean Girls star just checked - in to the Cliffside Rehab Center in Malibu , where she will receive extended treatment , TMZ reports .

1_21ecbplus.xml
http : music . yahoo . com news lawyer - lindsay - lohan - checks - rehab - facility - 162019483 . html Lawyer : Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab facility May 2 , 2013 12 : 50 PM Lindsay Lohan has checked into a rehab facility to comply with her sentence in a misdemeanor driving case , but her arrival there was not without drama . "My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , " Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan's choice of rehab facilities . " She's in rehab right now . Nothing bad is going to happen . " White said he was "completely blindsided" by Lohan's placement at Morningside because Heller had previously agreed to send the actress to a different facility that had been vetted .

1_2ecb.xml
A publicist says Tara Reid has checked herself into rehab . Jack Ketsoyan said Friday that the `` American Pie '' star went to the Promises Treatment Center . He did not specify what she was being treated for or when she entered the facility . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' he said in a statement . Reid , 33 , earned a reputation as a drunken partier after famously being photographed on a red carpet with her breast exposed , apparently unaware that the strap of her dress had fallen off . Her film credits include `` Van Wilder '' and `` The Big Lebowski . '' She also hosted the short-lived , half-hour show `` Taradise '' on E !

1_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . cbsnews . com 8301 - 207 _ 162 - 57582560 lawyer - lindsay - lohan - checks - into - rehab - facility May 2 , 2013 , 1 : 12 PM Lawyer : Lindsay Lohan checks into rehab facility Updated 4 : 08 p . m . ET Lindsay Lohan's attorney said Thursday the actress checked into a Southern California rehab facility that a state official said is unlicensed to perform the type of treatment a judge required her to receive . Mark Jay Heller told a judge that Lohan was settling in at Morningside Recovery , a treatment facility in Newport Beach . "My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , " Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan's choice of rehab facilities . "She's in rehab right now . Nothing bad is going to happen . " TMZ reported Lohan was shopping at an electronics store while her attorney was in court , and that she never entered Morningside . White said he was "completely blindsided" by Lohan's placement at Morningside because Heller had previously agreed to send the actress to a different facility that had been vetted .

1_3ecb.xml
Tara Reid has seemingly spent the last decade out and about , but her latest destination hits much closer to home . The American Pie actress and velvet-rope fixture has checked into Promises Treatment Center in Malibu , according to her publicist , Jack Ketsoyan . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' he said . Ketsoyan did not say what Reid is being treated for and no other details were forthcoming . The move comes as a surprise to Reunion Pictures ' Matthew O'Connor , who coproduced Reid last year on the made-for-TV horror flick Vipers . `` Tara was 100 percent professional , '' he told E ! News . `` She came in totally prepared every day . '' `` Absolutely not , '' O'Connor said when asked whether he had noticed any warning signs that Reid might have a problem . `` She was better than fine - great . '' The 33-year-old Reid , whose personal life and plastic-surgery travails have earned her far more headlines than her career over the last few years , described herself to People a few months ago as `` a social drinker . '' When asked whether she was still a party girl , the Taradise star said , `` I 've done enough of everything for a lifetime ! I partied . I had fun . I ate and drank and dated a million guys , but I 'm so happy with where I am right now . I do n't need to do any of that anymore . '' Reid recently started her own clothing line , Mantra , but her last notable acting gig was a guest arc on Scrubs back in 2005 .

1_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . contactmusic . com news lindsay - lohan - rehab _ 3719638 Lindsay Lohan Checks Out Of Rehab . . . To Check Into Different Rehab Centre 14 June 2013 The actress has left the Betty Ford Centre and gone to Malibu's Cliffside resort . One place Lindsay is finding this particularly difficult though is at the Betty Ford Centre , where the actress has just finished 30 days' worth of treatment and has decided that the renowned facilities there won't be enough to keep her around for her court - ordered 90 - day stay in rehab , so she's gone elsewhere . According to a report from TMZ published this week ( June 13 ) , the Mean Girls actress has had enough of the Palm Springs rehab centre and has decided to spend the rest of her court - ordered stay in a rehab centre in Malibu , named the Cliffside . Lindsay hasn't messed around in getting to the new facility either and she is reportedly already a patient of the Cliffside rehab centre , having checked out of the Betty Ford Centre on Thursday ( June 13 ) this week and committing herself to Cliffside almost immediately afterward .

1_4ecb.xml
Tara Reid has finally looked in a mirror and got a glimpse of what was starting back . The actress who is known more for staggering around town than actually appearing on the big screen , finally checked into rehab . In a statement from her people , it was confirmed , `` Tara Reid has checked herself into Promises Treatment Center . '' Promises is the home away from home for many stars including Britney Spears , Lindsay Lohan and Ben Affleck . Tara is known for her roles in American Pie and Van Wilder . She also starred in the ill-fated party show , Taradise , on the E ! network which premiered in September 2005 was canceled the following month

1_4ecbplus.xml
http : dlisted . com 2013 05 02 lindsay - lohan - checks - rehab - checks - out - two - minutes - later Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab , Checks Out Two Minutes Later May 2 , 2013 The judge should know to never ever trust a gnome with a law degree , because they are shifty shits and will lie to you with a twinkle in their eyes . That ’ s exactly what LiLo ’ s lawyer Mark Heller did in court this morning . He told the judge that LiLo was “ ensconced in the bosom of ” rehab this morning when she was really buying crap at Fry ’ s in Fountain Valley , CA . The NYDN says that LiLo eventually made it to Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , but two minutes after she walked through the door , she walked back through it and left . According to the NYDN , LiLo showed up to Morningside at around noon , spent a couple of minutes there , got spooked by the paparazzi ( uh huh ) and then jumped back into her SUV .

1_5ecb.xml
Well it 's better late than never , Tara . The original trainwreck Tara Reid 's publicist confirmed that the actress Reid was admitted into Promises Treatment Center in Los Angeles , California . `` We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' the actress 's rep Jack Ketsoyan tells People magazine . Reid checked herself in on Tuesday , December 9 , 2008 . Her rep , however , declined to reveal Reid 's reason for this seemingly abrupt decision . Reid 's , 33 , acting abilities had always been overshadowed by her 'party girl ' reputation , and certainly set the bar for young starlets like Lindsay Lohan and Paris Hilton . In an October interview with People , Reid claimed she was a 'social drinker ' and that her crazy past was far behind her . 'I 've done it . Trust me . I 've done enough for a lifetime ofeverything . I 've had a great time . I partied . I had fun . I ate and drank whatever . I dated a million guys , but I 'm so happy with where I 'm at right now . I do n't need to do anything anymore , ' she told the magazine . Apparently , old habits die hard . Hopefully , Promises will help her get back on track .

1_5ecbplus.xml
http : entertainment . inquirer . net 92181 lawyer - lindsay - lohan - checks - into - california - rehab Lawyer : Lindsay Lohan checks into California rehab May 3 , 2013 | 8 : 20 am Lindsay Lohan ’ s attorney said Thursday the actress checked into a California rehab facility , but a state official said it is unlicensed to perform the type of restrictive in - patient treatment a judge required the actress to receive in a misdemeanor driving case . Mark Jay Heller told a judge that Lohan was settling in at Morningside Recovery and argued that the actress should be allowed to stay until a judge approves her placement . “ My client is ensconced in the bosom of that facility right now , ” Heller argued after a prosecutor objected to Lohan ’ s choice of facilities . “ She ’ s in rehab right now . Nothing bad is going to happen . ” Celebrity website TMZ reported Lohan was shopping at an electronics store while her attorney was in court and that she never entered Morningside . Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney agreed in the hearing that Lohan should remain at Morningside , although the actress ’ whereabouts were unknown .

1_6ecb.xml
Talking to People magazine , Jack Ketsoyan , Tara Reid 's representative confirms the Perennial Party Girl , has herself checked into Promises Treatment Centre . Asking to respect her and her family 's privacy , Ketsoyan did not reveal what the star of `` American Pie '' , `` Van Wilder '' and `` The Big Lebowski '' was being treated for . Reid who launched Mantra , her new fashion line , is being supported in her decision to enter rehab by all friends and family . Reid , 33 , with a reputation as one who drinks and parties long and hard , none more so when she was photographed on the red carpet with a breast exposed , completely unaware the strap of her dress had fallen off . Reid has also hosted 'Taradise ' , the short-lived , half-hour show .

1_6ecbplus.xml
http : uk . eonline . com news 414523 lindsay - lohan - checks - into - rehab - at - betty - ford - center - see - the - first - pictures Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Rehab at Betty Ford Center Fri . , May . 3 , 2013 11 : 45 AM PDT Early Friday morning , around 1 : 30 a . m . , the 26 - year - old actress checked into Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif ,

1_7ecb.xml
The `` American Pie '' actress has entered Promises for undisclosed reasons The actress , 33 , reportedly headed to a Malibu treatment facility on Tuesday . `` Tara Reid has checked herself into Promises Treatment Center . We appreciate your respect to her and her family 's privacy at this time , '' the actress 's rep Jack Ketsoyan tells the mag . Although the rep would n't reveal why she entered rehab , a source from the magazine said that it was her decision to get help . Reid became famous from her 1999 role in `` American Pie '' and had her own reality show `` Taradise '' in 2005 .

1_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . etonline . com news 133594 _ Lindsay _ Lohan _ Checks _ Into _ California _ Rehab _ Facility index . html Lindsay Lohan Checks Into Court - Ordered Rehab May 02 , 2013 Lindsay Lohan's lawyer says the actress checked into rehab on Thursday , but the facility has not been officially sanctioned by the court that ordered her to serve 90 days of treatment . Attorney Mark Jay Heller told LA Superior Court Judge James R . Dabney that Lohan , 26 , had checked into Morningside Recovery in Newport Beach , CA , according to the Associated Press .

1_8ecb.xml
Oh , it 's been so long since we were on the rehab beat ! After telling People in October that she did n't `` need to do any of that anymore , '' `` American Pie '' actress and former travel reporter Tara Reid checked into Promises Treatment Center on Friday for an unspecified problem . Promises is a celeb favorite favored by Britney Spears and Lindsay Lohan -- it 's also where Mel Gibson retired to after his 2006 accident and anti-Semitic outburst . Not quite the Christmas alternative we 're looking for ... Get well soon , Tara !

1_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com entertainment 2013 05 02 lindsay - lohan - may - change - rehab - facility - violate - plea - deal Lindsay Lohan rehires longtime lawyer Shawn Holley , heads to rehab Published May 03 , 2013 It seems Lindsay Lohan has had enough of New York attorney Mark Jay Heller . The actress re - hired longtime attorney Shawn Holley to handle her case . Heller told a judge during a hearing Thursday morning that Lohan had checked in to the Morningside Recovery rehab facility , but the starlet left it after a few minutes . The actress , however , has since checked in to a different rehab but will not face a probation violation for leaving another treatment facility after a few minutes , a prosecutor said Friday . Lohan made it to the new facility late Thursday , TMZ reported . White said he has received confirmation that Lohan has checked in to a rehab facility and he is satisfied with her location . He declined to say where Lohan is receiving treatment , but reports soon surfaced that she was at the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage , Calif . "Lindsay never checked into Morningside but is back at Betty Ford . The challenge now is to keep her there for the 90 days , " the source told us . Lohan has spent time at Betty Ford before . She served another mandatory rehab sentence at the treatment center , although her stay there was not without drama .

1_9ecb.xml
It 's a party ... a rehab party ! It 's one of the most exclusive rehab centers , and Tara Reid is in . Hey , if you 're going to rehab anyway , might as well get your ego stroked , too . Actress Tara Reid entered well-known Malibu rehab center Promises Treatment Center , reportedly of her own desire . The specific reason behind her checking in to the facility is currently unknown to the public . Reid may be best known for her romance with MTV 's `` Carson Daly '' and her roles in the `` American Pie '' movies . Her former producer , Chris Weitz , will now be helming the next film installment of the `` Twilight '' series .

1_9ecbplus.xml
http : ktla . com 2013 05 03 lohan - may - miss - rehab - deadline - dad - says Lohan Checks into Betty Ford , Rehires Attorney After she abruptly left a rehab facility in Newport Beach on Thursday , Lindsay Lohan has checked into the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage . The actress , 26 , checked in late Thursday night , TMZ reports , barely making the deadline and dodging an arrest warrant . TMZ also reports that Lohan has re - hired attorney Shawn Holley . Lohan had checked into Morningside Recovery Center Thursday morning , but then left because “ she was not happy with the place , ” her father said .

