10_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . ocregister . com angels million - 416271 - http - red . html Report : Red Sox offer Teixeira $200 million December 15th , 2008 , 7 : 35 am Dan Patrick reported on his show on AM 570 that the Boston Red Sox have made first baseman Mark Teixeira an eight - year , $200 million offer . If so , that blows the reported eight - year , $160 million offers by the Angels and the Washington Nationals out of the water . Patrick said Monday morning : "If it's true they're offering $200 million to a career . 290 hitter , it'll be interesting to see what the Angels do . " He then speculated the Angels might turn their interest to Manny Ramirez . The Boston Herald's Michael Silverman wrote in his Monday column the Red Sox offer was expected to be in the range of $145 million to $175 million , possibly more . He also noted that it is rare for Boston to extend contracts to players that go to their 36th birthdays , with the exceptions of Jason Varitek's just - expired deal and Mike Lowell's contract . Teixeira will be 29 in April .

10_15ecbplus.xml
http : www . fannation . com truth _ and _ rumors view 78310 - red - sox - to - break - bank - for - teixeira Red Sox to break bank for Teixeira Here's a prediction : By the time this is over , win or lose , the Red Sox effectively will have made Mark Teixeira the largest contract offer in the history of your storied franchise . When the Sox want something enough , they make sure they get it . In the case of Teixeira , rest assured that the Sox want him , no matter what games are being played by club officials . Publicly and privately , the Sox are saying nothing about their interest in Teixeira and playing dumb every time his name comes up . It's as sure a sign as any that they are preparing to go to extraordinary lengths . what the Red Sox truly fear here is that the Yankees can outbid them on Teixeira , explaining why the Sox have failed to confirm any interest in the player at all . With the possible exception of the New York Mets , who just exercised their contract option on first baseman Carlos Delgado , the Yankees are the only team in baseball who could outbid the Red Sox for Teixeira's services . The Yankees could do it in a big way , too , giving Teixeira the kind of money that would put him in the clouds with Alex Rodriguez .

10_17ecbplus.xml
http : joyofsox . blogspot . nl 2008 12 herald - sox - make - 8 - year - offer - to . html DECEMBER 16 , 2008 Herald : Sox Make Offer To Teixeira ( 8 Years ? ) Michael Silverman reports that the Red Sox have made an offer [ for Mark Teixeira ] , the biggest and longest yet for this current ownership group . The offer is believed to be for at least eight years . . . Teixeira is believed to be seeking an average annual value of more than the $21 million that left - hander CC Sabathia is close to finalizing with the New York Yankees for the next seven years , and a lot closer to the $27 . 5 million that third baseman Alex Rodriguez is guaranteed to make through 2017 with the Yankees . . . . There is every indication that the Red Sox view Teixiera in the same "must - have" light as they did Matsuzaka . MLB's Ian Browne notes the sticky situation that would arise with only two infield positions for Teixeira , Mike Lowell and Kevin Youkilis .

10_18ecbplus.xml
http : www . fenwaywest . com 2008 - articles december report - red - sox - make - huge - offer - to - teixeira . html REPORT : RED SOX MAKE HUGE OFFER TO TEIXEIRA on Tuesday , 16 December 2008 13 : 45 . The Boston Red Sox have made the biggest offer in club history to Mark Teixeira . The deal is said to be for 8 year and could be up to $180 million . With the economy going down and ticket prices frozen you have to wonder how the Red Sox plan on making this kind of committment for the long term . Does this mean they will not be able to get that big free agent next year or the year after that ? The farm system has been good but it can not replace eveything and the Sox are going to need some front line starters in the next few years . We just have to say "in Theo we trust" with this one .

10_19ecbplus.xml
http : kennedyscommentary . blogspot . nl 2008 12 prediction - sox - will - nab - teixeira . html Thursday , December 11 , 2008 Prediction : Red Sox Will Nab Teixeira ESPN is reporting that the Nationals have offered Mark Teixeira an 8 - year , $160 million contract . At the same time , SI . com is reporting that , “ The Red Sox are one of the most aggressive pursuers of Teixeira , with several executives predicting he may wind up there . ” The Nationals ’ offer sets the bar for Teixeira ’ s services . Will the Sox have to offer more money and or years , or does playing in Boston , for a winning team , with very a passionate fan base mean more than playing near his hometown in Maryland ? Naturally Scott Boras will try to draw this out as long as he can . However , Teixeira has said he would like a resolution by Christmas . The question is , now that the Angels have lost out on CC Sabathia , will they be all the more motivated to retain Teixeira ? Could they swoop in with an overwhelming offer ? The LA Times says the Angels are reluctant to go past seven years for Teixeira . And though they still need more pitching , the Yankees can never be discounted . However , unfortunately for the Angels , Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports reports that two major - league sources said Teixeira would prefer to be on the East Coast for family reasons . With that in mind , the Nationals and Orioles are pushing hard to bring Teixeira back to the Maryland area . Last night , Rosenthal reported that , according to a major - league source , the Red Sox are making progress in their quest to sign Teixeira . “ Headway was being made earlier today , ” the source said . And a rival general manager whose plans could be affected by the Red Sox ’ s addition of Teixeira also indicated that a deal was getting closer . Teixeira is seeking a 10 - year contract for at least $20 million per season . The Red Sox preference would be to sign him to a deal between six and eight years . The free - agent first baseman will be 29 on April 11 , coinciding with the opening week of the 2009 season . By all indications , he ’ s a solid long - term investment . Eight years seems like a reasonable contract - length for a player of Teixeira ’ s age and ability . But if the Sox are pushed to 10 years , they would likely deem it acceptable . They will do whatever it takes to get it done . Teixeira is the big fish they ’ re determined not to let slip away . Having never hit fewer than 26 homers in his six major - league seasons , Teixeira certainly seems like a better long - term investment than Sabathia . Paying astronomical money to a guy who plays every day makes more sense than guaranteeing it to one who plays every five days , and who has weight issues . Questions about his long term durability will continue to dog Sabathia for at least the next couple of years . Teixeira remains the hottest commodity on the free agent market because he ’ s been durable , injury - free , and highly productive . Over six full seasons , his career stat line looks like this : . 290 average , . 919 OPS , 203 HR , 676 RBI Last season , split between the Braves and Angels , Teixeira hit . 308 , with 33 home runs and 121 RBI . He ’ s proven himself in both leagues . He is an All Star , a two - time Gold Glove winner , and a two - time Silver Slugger winner . Without question , Teixeira is a very solid hitter and a bona fide slugger ; he is one of just five players in Major League history to hit at least 100 home runs in his first three seasons . For these reasons , he has been described as the “ apple of Theo Epstein ’ s eye . ” This is why the Red Sox will not fail in their effort to bring home their single highest priority this offseason .

10_1ecb.xml
According to this L.A. Times story ( which credits the team-owned flagship radio station ) , the Angels have made an eight-year offer to free agent first baseman Mark Teixeira . The dollar amount was unspecified , but Bill Shaikin , the fine reporter who wrote the story , says the team was believed to have offered at least $ 160 million . This , obviously , changes the landscape of the Teixeira sweepstakes , as the Nationals ' best chance for landing him was to blow everyone else out of the water with their offer -- which , apparently , has not happened . That 's not to say the Nationals can not sweeten their offer , but team officials have indicated an unwillingness to get into a bidding war with higher-revenue teams . Of course , we still have yet to hear from the Red Sox -- or even the Yankees , as I hypothesized in today 's print edition . In any case , it appears this thing is far from over .

10_1ecbplus.xml
http : boston . redsox . mlb . com news article . jsp ? ymd=20081216&content _ id=3718580&vkey=news _ bos&fext= . jsp&c _ id=bos Red Sox extend offer to Teixeira Boston reportedly looks to ink free - agent slugger for eight years 12 16 08 1 : 30 AM EST Though the Red Sox continue to operate in intriguing secrecy when it comes to their pursuit of free - agent slugger Mark Teixeira , it appears an offer has been transmitted from the offices of 4 Yawkey Way in Boston to the corporation of power agent Scott Boras in Southern California . The Boston Herald reported in its Tuesday editions that the Red Sox have extended an offer for Teixeira , believed to be the longest and richest in the seven - year history of the ownership group led by John W . Henry . Though the newspaper doesn't cite its source , it stated that the offer is "believed to be for at least eight years . " The Red Sox have a club policy of not commenting on their negotiating stance with any free agents . Last week at the Winter Meetings , the Washington Nationals made Teixeira an eight - year , $160 million offer . Angels general manager Tony Reagins recently confirmed that his club had also made an eight - year offer . The Orioles , according to reports , have offered Teixeira a seven - year deal worth between $140 million and $150 million . As for the Red Sox , GM Theo Epstein hasn't so much as uttered Teixeira's name in any interviews with media members this offseason . That has always been the way Epstein conducts his business , and it's why you won't hear any public comments from the Red Sox regarding Teixeira until he either signs with Boston or goes somewhere else . "We're being aggressive , really aggressive on players that we like , " Epstein said last week . The two biggest investments the Red Sox have made under current ownership ? A $103 . 1 million sum - - including the $51 . 1 million posting fee - - to Daisuke Matsuzaka over six seasons and a five - year , $70 million contract for J . D . Drew . Though breaking the bank in free agency isn't typically the way the Red Sox go about their Hot Stove business , they feel that Teixeira - - who will turn 29 in April - - could be the centerpiece of their lineup for the better part of a decade . The switch - hitter does everything the Red Sox like , from getting on base to hitting for power to playing terrific defense at first base . Epstein was asked at the Winter Meetings if the Red Sox could sign a marquee free agent this winter . "I think there's a chance of it , " he said . "There's definitely a chance that we don't . I can't tell you which [ answer ] , eight , 10 , 12 years from now would have been better for the organization . But players that we like and think can help us , we're going to try to sign to numbers that we think are reasonable and help us going forward and help us with our foundation . If we get them , great . If we don't , then we'll move on . " The Yankees , Boston's top rival , have already made a loud statement this winter , agreeing to terms with starters CC Sabathia and A . J . Burnett . Though Epstein never likes to act as if he is counteracting the Yankees , Teixeira would clearly give Boston's lineup a more dynamic look . There have been conflicting reports as to whether the Yankees have interest in Teixeira . When Boras spoke at the Winter Meetings , he didn't sound as if he was in any rush to close the Teixeira deal . Back in November , while attending a Georgia Tech football game , Teixeira told ESPN that he'd like to sign by Christmas . If the Red Sox are successful in landing Teixeira , it will create a somewhat sticky situation . The Red Sox have Kevin Youkilis at first base and Mike Lowell at third . To open a spot for Teixeira , the Red Sox might have to trade Lowell and move Youkilis across the diamond . However , Lowell , coming off right hip surgery , is likely to have to prove his health in Spring Training if he is to be dealt . Last winter the Red Sox re - signed Lowell , the Most Valuable Player of the 2007 World Series , to a three - year , $37 . 5 million contract . The Red Sox control Youkilis contractually for the next two years , so it's highly doubtful he would be moved . Youkilis finished third in the American League Most Valuable Player voting in November . David Ortiz , Boston's star designated hitter , is a 10 - 5 man ( 10 years in the Majors , five with the same team ) , meaning he could veto any trade .

10_20ecbplus.xml
http : www . mlbtraderumors . com 2008 12 red - sox - make - - 1 . html 8 : 24am : According to Michael Silverman of the Boston Herald , the Red Sox made an offer to Mark Teixeira . Silverman believes it to be for eight years . Tex is believed to be seeking more than $21MM per year , closer to Alex Rodriguez's $27 . 5MM per year . The Angels are reportedly at eight years and at least $160MM , the Orioles around seven years , $140 - 150MM , and the Nationals at eight years , $160MM .

10_21ecbplus.xml
http : www . mlbtraderumors . com 2008 12 red - sox - made - 20 . html Red Sox - Teixeira Rumor December 15 , 2008 at 1 : 00pm CST 2 : 16pm : Take it with a grain of salt , but we have a report of a report that the Red Sox offered Mark Teixeira an eight - year , $200MM deal . Earl Bloom of the Orange County Register heard Dan Patrick say it on his radio show . It'd be best to treat the report with skepticism until it's confirmed by another source .

10_2ecb.xml
Angels general manager Tony Reagins confirmed to the Los Angeles Times that he has made an eight-year offer to free agent first baseman Mark Teixeira . Regains did n't reveal the dollar amounts , but the newspaper speculates the deal is worth at least $ 160 million . Teixeira is considered the top offensive player available on the free agent market , and the Orioles ( seven years , $ 140- $ 150 million ) and Nationals ( eight years , $ 160 million ) reportedly have made sizeable offers as well . The Red Sox , considered to be the front-runner for Teixeira , also have put in a bid , though monetary details have been kept quiet . There has been talk of the Yankees being in the Teixeira sweepstakes as well . Teixeira , 28 , has hit at least 30 homers and driven in at least 105 runs in each of the past five seasons . After being acquired from the Braves before the trading deadline this past season , Teixeira hit .358 with 13 homers and 43 RBIs in 54 games with the Angels .

10_2ecbplus.xml
http : sports . yahoo . com mlb news ? slug=ge - teixeiraredsoxmeet121808 Boston Red Sox majority owner John W . Henry , CEO Larry Lucchino and general manager Theo Epstein flew to Texas on Thursday night to meet with free agent Mark Teixeira and his agent , Scott Boras , in an effort to convince the switch - hitting first baseman to sign with Boston . The Red Sox have made an eight - year offer to Teixeira in excess of $160 million , but sources close to the negotiations say it is less than the $184 million reported by Boston WCVB sportscaster Mike Lynch , who first reported that the meeting would take place . The meeting will not result in a “ take it or leave it ” scenario by the Red Sox , a source said . However , Henry said earlier this week that the Red Sox will not satisfy Boras ’ request for a 10 - year deal , and it appears highly unlikely that Boston will go beyond eight years . The parties are meeting at an undisclosed location in Texas , the Red Sox having requested the face - to - face meeting with the player so he can hear directly from them why they believe he should spend the next eight years in Boston . The Los Angeles Angels , Baltimore Orioles and Washington Nationals also have made offers to Teixeira , but to date none of those offers are believed to be for more than eight years . Yankees general manager Brian Cashman also met with Teixeira earlier this month , but that was before the Yankees committed more than $240 million to sign pitchers CC Sabathia and A . J . Burnett , so it appears unlikely they would make a grab for Teixeira as well . Boras also represents free - agent catcher Jason Varitek , the Red Sox captain who declined an offer of salary arbitration from the team . Boston has not made another offer to Varitek since , though the sides continue to talk . A third Boras client , free - agent pitcher Derek Lowe , also is of interest to the Red Sox , but they have not made him an offer and are expected to do so only if he drops his price . Lowe is believed to be seeking a five - year deal in the $75 million range . Teixeira , who turns 29 on April 11 , has averaged more than 30 home runs and 100 RBIs in his six big - league seasons , while posting a . 919 OPS and playing Gold Glove - caliber defense . The Red Sox envision him as a middle - of - the - lineup presence to offset last July ’ s departure of Manny Ramirez to the Dodgers . If Teixeira signs with the Red Sox , they would move All - Star Kevin Youkilis from first to third base while looking to trade third baseman Mike Lowell , the 2007 World Series MVP .

10_3ecb.xml
The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim offered free-agent first baseman Mark Teixeira an eight-year contract at the Winter Meetings in Las Vegas . Owner Arte Moreno met with Scott Boras , Teixeira 's agent , and presented him with the offer , which is believed to be worth at least $ 160 million and possibly as much as $ 180 million over the life of the contract . `` It 's something they can consider - or should consider , '' Angels general manager Tony Reagins told MLB.com on Friday . `` They have the right . '' Other teams in the battle for Teixeira are the Baltimore Orioles ( seven years , $ 140-150 million ) , Washington Nationals ( eight years , $ 160 million ) and Boston Red Sox . The New York Yankees also have expressed interest . Teixeira , 28 , was acquired by the Angels in a July 29 deal with the Atlanta Braves last season and hit 13 home runs and 43 RBIs in 54 games . Overall , he finished the season with a .308 average , 33 homers and 121 RBI . It marked the fifth straight 30-homer , 100-RBI season for Teixeira . He batted .467 with seven hits and four walks in the American League Division Series as the Angels fell to the Red Sox in four games .

10_3ecbplus.xml
http : articles . washingtonpost . com 2008 - 12 - 23 sports 36830848 _ 1 _ contract - offer - boston - offer - front - office Nationals' Eight - Year Offer to Teixeira Reportedly Bumped as High as $184M December 23 , 2008 For weeks now , Mark Teixeira has contemplated his next home - - a waiting game that has slowly shortened the list of teams in pursuit of his services . But evidently , the waiting hasn't caused Teixeira's price tag to drop even the slightest . One report posted online last night by MASN Sports' Roch Kubatko suggested that the Washington Nationals have upgraded their initial offer to Teixeira - - eight years , $160 million - - to somewhere between $178 million and $184 million over the same timeframe . No member of the team's front office would add comment yesterday on the current offer or indicate whether the team had sweetened the deal . By way of declining to offer the numbers of Washington's proposal to Teixeira , team president Stan Kasten said , "There are bargains , but luxury goods are still not being discounted . " Regardless of the money , the team's front office still knows it would take a mild upset for the 28 - year - old to settle on a deal with Washington . On Sunday night , the Los Angeles Angels withdrew their contract offer to Teixeira , believing he had no sincere interest in playing for the organization with which he ended the 2008 season . The Boston Red Sox and Baltimore Orioles have offers on the table , and though they have yet to make a concrete offer the New York Yankees might also contemplate a last - minute bid . Various news reports late last week pegged the Boston offer to be as high as $184 million over eight years , though subsequent rumors suggested that the numbers are a little lower - - perhaps between $165 million and $180 million . The Orioles have the weakest offer of the bunch - - a proposal reportedly worth between $140 million and $150 million over seven years . So far , no team involved has offered a contract longer than eight years . Teixeira's agent , Scott Boras , entered the free agency process hoping his client could attract a 10 - year deal . Either way , Teixeira will end up with one of the biggest paydays in baseball history , almost certainly exceeding the $161 million ( over seven years ) that fellow free agent CC Sabathia received from the Yankees earlier this offseason .

10_4ecb.xml
The Angels have offered an eight-year contract to Mark Teixeira , general manager Tony Reagins said Friday night . The contract would be the longest and richest in club history . The value could almost double the previous club record , the $ 90 million guaranteed last year to Torii Hunter . Reagins declined to provide the value of Teixeira 's offer . The Angels are believed to have offered at least $ 160 million , matching or exceeding the highest offer so far reported for Teixeira . Owner Arte Moreno flew from his Arizona home to Las Vegas on Tuesday and met personally with Scott Boras , the agent for Teixeira . Angels spokesman Tim Mead said he believed Moreno presented the offer to Boras at that time . Mead also said he did not know when the offer might expire . None of the other teams in the Teixeira sweepstakes -- the Boston Red Sox , Baltimore Orioles and Washington Nationals -- has been reported to have offered more than eight years . The Nationals reportedly have bid $ 160 million over eight years , the Orioles between $ 140 million and $ 150 million over seven years . The details of the Boston bid have not been reported . The Angels had exclusive negotiating rights with Teixeira for the first 15 days after the World Series , but they declined to make an offer during that time and said they would do so at an appropriate time . Boras has had one month since then to solicit bids from other teams , enabling him to let Moreno know how the market had developed and enabling Moreno to make his first -- and perhaps only -- offer without Boras shopping that offer to other teams . The Angels have not wavered from treating Teixeira as their top priority , even as other coveted options have evaporated . The Angels negotiated with pitcher CC Sabathia , a favorite among their scouts , but they chose not to make an offer after deciding they would not match the New York Yankees ' initial $ 140-million bid . Sabathia agreed to a seven-year , $ 161-million deal with the Yankees late Tuesday night , hours after Moreno met with Boras . On Friday , outfielder Raul Ibanez signed a three-year , $ 31.5-million contract with the Philadelphia Phillies . The Angels had considered signing Ibanez if they lost out on Teixeira , with Ibanez playing left field and Kendry Morales replacing Teixeira at first base . The Angels ' eight-year offer first was reported Friday night on the team-owned radio station , AM 830 .

10_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . wcvb . com Sources - Sox - May - Not - Be - Out - Of - Teixeira - Chase - 9849586 11321984 - 18hj8m - index . html Sources : Sox May Not Be Out Of Teixeira Chase Team Execs Meet With Player's Agent UPDATED 3 : 09 AM EST Dec 19 , 2008 Despite saying they have been outbid for free agent first baseman Mark Teixeira , the Red Sox do not believe they are completely out of the chase , SportsCenter 5 has learned . Sources have also told SportsCenter 5's Mike Lynch more about the negotiations that took place Thursday at Teixeira's Texas home . Lynch reported the Red Sox team of owner John Henry , COO Larry Lucchino and General Manager Theo Epstein offered Teixeira , 28 , an eight - year deal worth $184 million or $23 million per season . It was then that agent Scott Boras countered by asking for an eight - year contract worth $200 million , sources said . Lynch reported that Henry became infuriated at that point , balking at the massive sum . In an e - mail to media members Thursday night , Henry said , "We met with Mr . Teixeira and were very much impressed with him . After hearing about his other offers , however , it seems clear that we are not going to be a factor . " Henry's reference to the "other offers" leaves open the possibility that he is calling Boras' bluff , who has been known to inflate the value of offers and the number of suitors pursuing his client , Lynch reported . Boras represented former Red Sox center fielder Johnny Damon , who signed with the New York Yankees in 2005 after the Boston brass apparently refused to believe that the offer from their archrivals was real . Lynch also learned that one of Teixeira's hometown teams , the Washington Nationals , has made a huge offer . Teixeira is a Maryland native . Teixeira was traded from Atlanta to Los Angeles in July . He hit . 308 with 33 homers and 121 RBIs last season , including . 358 with 13 homers and 43 RBIs in 54 games with the Angels . The Angeles said last week they made an eight - year offer . Henry had expressed concern about a contract of eight years or more . "We all have limits , " he wrote the AP on Wednesday . "Eight years is a very long time in baseball and everywhere else . " He also said the amount the team is willing to spend on a free agent "depends on both" the economy and the player being sought .

10_5ecb.xml
Super-agent Scott Boras said leaving the Winter Meetings that it was going to take an eight-year deal to get the services of slugging first-baseman Mark Teixeira . The Angels apparently are good with that . Los Angeles general manager Tony Reagins has sounded like a broken record saying that resigning Teixeira was his top priority , and backed that up now with an eight-year offer . No dollar figures have been released with the offer , but the seven-year offers for Teixeira were in the $ 140 million to $ 160 million range and the new offer is expected to be at the top of that range . If accepted , this would certainly be the largest contract in the Angels history , dwarfing the four-year , $ 90 million deal that Torii Hunter got just last summer . But if he keeps mashing like he did after the trade , Teixeira could be worth the bank . In 54 games with the Angeles he hit .358 with 13 home runs and 43 RBIs , and had a slugging percentage of .632 . The two-time Gold Glove winner also helped solidify the Angeles infield . After the Winter Meetings , the conventional wisdom was that the Red Sox were the frontrunners for Teixeira 's services , even though they met privately and their offer was never made public ( maybe that 's why people thought they were the leaders ) . However , no other offer ( including from the Nationals and Oriels trying to bring Teixeira back to his native Maryland ) was thought to be more than seven years . The race for Teixeira seems to be in the final furlong . But then again , Boras is a patient man , especially if he thinks more money could be around the corner .

10_6ecb.xml
The Los Angeles Angels made an eight-year offer to first baseman Mark Teixeira during winter meetings in Las Vegas . Team spokesman Tim Mead confirmed Sunday the Angels have withdrawn their offer and are `` out of the Mark Teixeira derby . '' The team made its offer , reportedly worth about US $ 160 million , during the winter meetings in Las Vegas earlier this month . The Red Sox said last week that they `` are not going to be a factor '' in signing the 28-year-old Maryland native . Washington and Baltimore have expressed interest in Teixeira . The Angels obtained Teixeira from the Atlanta Braves in late July . Playing in a combined 157 games with the Angels and Braves , Teixeira had 33 homers and 121 RBIs along with a career-best .308 average .

10_6ecbplus.xml
http : riveraveblues . com 2008 12 teixeira - not - headed - to - boston - 6361 Teixeira not headed to Boston Can you believe it ? I can ’ t . Yet it ’ s coming from up top . Red Sox owner John Henry has said , in so many words , that his team will not sign Mark Teixeira . His exact words : “ We met with Mr . Teixeira and were very much impressed with him . After hearing about his other offers , however , it seems clear that we are not going to be a factor . ” You can follow the entire saga on MLB Trade Rumors . No one expected this , at least not this soon . The Red Sox , the team so many considered the frontrunners for Teixeira , will , in the words of the owner himself , not be factors . It appears , from Henry ’ s words , the price tag is a bit too high . Reports of the Red Sox offer varied , though WCVB - TV claims it was eight years and $184 million , or a $23 million average annual value . Boston could obviously jump back into the picture , but for now it appears they ’ ll let the first baseman sign elsewhere . Clearly , I expect a flurry of “ now the Yankees have to get him ” comments . Think about this , though . There ’ s at least one offer out there better than eight years and $184 million . Should the Yankees go higher than $25 million a season for Teixeira ?

10_7ecb.xml
So as things turn out , apparently there are teams in Major League Baseball not named the New York Yankees who are willing to spend money this winter . After letting Francisco Rodriguez leave to join the New York Mets and failing to sign CC Sabathia , the Angels find themselves with some money laying around , and they 've decided to spend it on Mark Teixeira . According to a report in the Los Angeles Times , the Angels have made an offer to the free agent first baseman that would be the biggest contract in the history of the franchise , surpassing the $ 90 million deal they gave to Torii Hunter last season . While the numbers are n't confirmed , the deal is believed to be an offer of eight years and around $ 160 million . Owner Arte Moreno flew from his Arizona home to Las Vegas on Tuesday and met personally with Scott Boras , the agent for Teixeira . Angels spokesman Tim Mead said he believed Moreno presented the offer to Boras at that time . Mead also said he did not know when the offer might expire . The Angels , of course , are one of four teams that are known to be pursuing Teixeira . The Nationals offered him the same deal as the Angels , the Orioles have made an offer between $ 140 and $ 150 million over seven years , and nobody knows for sure what the Red Sox have offered . I 'm pretty sure the Red Sox offer will be the only one the Angels have to compete with because even though the Nationals and Orioles are close to Teixeira 's home , neither have any realistic expectation of competing for a World Series next season , with or without Teixeira . In other news , somewhere Manny Ramirez just punched something .

10_8ecb.xml
With last night 's news from Los Angeles Angels GM Tony Reagins that the team has made an eight-year contract offer ( dollars undisclosed ) to 1B Mark Teixeira , the trade rumor being reported , most recently by John Perrotto at Baseball Prospectus , about the Angels going after San Diego Padres ' ace is likely caput . Perrotto 's iteration had AAA RHP Nick Adenhart and AAA SS Brandon Wood heading a package that would lead to Peavy topping the Angels ' rotation . While the Angels are being lumped in with the big spenders of baseball ( read : New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox ) , there is little to indicate the Angels ' off-season plans included dropping $ 20MM per on Teixeira and another $ 15 + MM on a starting pitcher . As a back-up plan to a failure to land Teixeira , yes . However , an interesting scenario develops if Teixeira spurs the West Coast in favor of working closer to home for the Washington Nationals or Baltimore Orioles . In this scenario , the Angels would have the luxury of dealing Peavy to the Padres for a Wood/Adenhart/Reggie Willits/Reliever package , and reviving its offense with the signings of non-tender 3B/2B Ty Wigginton and Jonny Gomes .

10_9ecbplus.xml
http : metsblog . com metsblog first - base - boston - in - good - spot - for - teixeira First Base : Boston in Good Spot for Teixeira December 22nd , 2008 8 : 55 am The Angels have withdrawn their offer to free - agent 1B Mark Teixeira , reports FoxSports . com and Yahoo ! Sports . In fact , Angels GM Tony Reagins later confirmed the report to the Los Angeles Times , adding that he is no longer pursuing Teixeira . Similarly , Buster Olney of ESPN . com believes the Nationals do not expect to sign Teixeira , despite making a eight - year offer . Meanwhile , according to the Newsday , Teixeira still has an eight - year offer on the table from the Red Sox , worth roughly $22 million per season . … ok , so , the Sox have the high offer , the Angels are out , the Nationals lack confidence , and the O ’ s have reportedly only offered seven years … which would suggest the Red Sox are in very , very good position to land teixeira … unless , of course , a new team can be wrangled in to the mix … In an earlier report , Newsday reported that Teixeira ’ s agent , Scott Boras , is working to get the Yankees involved again . Olney believes Brian Cashman made Teixeira an offer earlier in the off - season , but has since pulled it back . … in case you ’ re wondering , six articles and the Mets are not mentioned once as ever having interest in teixeira …

