11_10ecb.xml
Voting for MPs to Majlis ( Parliament ) began in Turkmenistan on Dec.14 . A total of 288 candidates run for 125 parliamentary seats , with 37 of the candidates registered in the capital city of Turkmenistan - Ashgabat , 46 in Akhal region , 25 in Balkan region , 63 in Dashoguz region , 56 in Lebap region , and 61 in Mary region . Of the 288 candidates , 286 have higher education , 202 are under 45 years old , and 56 are women . Turkmenistan has 27 polling stations abroad attached to the country 's diplomatic missions . Elections take place by the voting of Turkmenistan citizens on the basis of a universal , equal and direct suffrage with secret ballot and alternative basis . The term of office of MPs is five years . For the first time foreign observers and experts , representatives from European states and international organizations including UN , OSCE , and CIS Executive Committee monitor elections in Turkmenistan .

11_11ecb.xml
Voters in Turkmenistan began to cast their ballots at 8 : 00 am local time ( 0300 GMT ) on Sunday in the country 's fourth parliamentary election , said reports from Ashgabat , Turkmenistan 's capital . Over 2.5 million Turkmens are eligible to vote at more than 2,000 booths in the country , while there are 27 overseas booths . Voting will close at 6 : 00 p.m. local time ( 1300 GMT ) Sunday . In accordance with the country 's election law , there are a total of 125 contituencies in the current election and single winners will be elected in each of them for a term of five years . A total of 288 candidates are vying for the 125 seats in the legislature .

11_1ecb.xml
The 4th parliamentary election of Turkmenistan ended Sunday evening as scheduled , said reports from Ashgabat , Turkmenistan 's capital . More than 2,000 booths in 125 constituencies in the country were closed at 6:00 p.m. local time ( 1300 GMT ) . The Central Election and Referendum Commission declared the election valid . Official election results will be announced within 10 days . Some 2.44 million people , accounting for some 88.41 percent of the country 's eligible voters , cast their ballots as of 4:00 p.m. local time ( 1100 GMT ) . Under Turkmen laws , parliamentary elections can only be declared valid with a turnout more than 50 percent of eligible voters . The election attracted wide attention as it was held amid constitutional and justice reforms advocated by President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov . About 40 observers from the United Nations , the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States oversaw the election . This was the first the government allowed international observers to supervise the elections in Turkmenistan . Berdymukhamedov said earlier that the parliamentary elections in Turkmenistan would show the international community that the country 's democratization process is irreversible with the adoption of a new constitution .

11_1ecbplus.xml
http : en . trend . az regions casia turkmenistan 2194453 . html Parliamentary elections in Turkmenistan to be held on two - party basis 26 September 2013 , 10 : 00 ( GMT+05 : 00 ) Parliamentary elections in Turkmenistan which are planned for December 15 , 2013 , will be held on a two - party basis , a message from the Central Commission for Elections and Referenda of Turkmenistan said . 'Representatives of the two political parties will compete for victory in the parliamentary elections . This will give a powerful impetus to the pre - election campaign and allow the electorate to nominate the most worthy representatives for the country's legislative body' , the message said . The start of the campaign for this election will be announced on October 5 , 2013 , in Turkmenistan . Nomination of candidates for the national parliament will take place from October 16 to November 14 . Registration will run from October 26 to November 20 . At a meeting of the Central Election Commission it was decided to hold training seminars for representatives of political parties , public organisations and associations , electoral commissions and national observers . It is expected the elections will be monitored by national observers and invited international experts and witnesses from many foreign countries and major international organisations and in the first instance , the European Union , the CIS and the OSCE . The MPs term of office is five years . The main current staff was elected in December 2008 . Last year a law 'On political parties' was adopted in Turkmenistan . On this basis , a party of Turkmenistan industrialists and entrepreneurs was established in August 2012 in Ashgabat with the participation of 300 delegates representing enterprise structures from all regions of the country . Up till then , the only political organisation , namely the Democratic Party , headed by President Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov was registered in the country . In August 2013 the Turkmen leader adopted a decision to remove the duties of the chairman of this political structure from himself .

11_2ecb.xml
Turkmenistan voted Sunday in a parliamentary election meant to show that the energy-rich central Asian nation was shedding its autocratic past , but Western observers said nothing had changed . Authorities said turnout reached 93.87 percent in the election for 288 candidates , all of whom support the policies of President Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov in the ex-Soviet republic . Voting stations were festooned with Turkmen flags and pictures of Berdymukhamedov , the successor of eccentric dictator Saparmurat Niyazov , who ruled Turkmenistan for two decades until his death in 2006 . Over 2.5 million people were eligible to vote in the election , held under the framework of a new constitution approved in September and intended to increase parliament 's powers and raise the number of seats from 65 to 125 . `` I attach hopes for the better to these elections , especially for our children , '' Valentina Redzhepova , an official at one of Ashgabat 's voting precincts , told AFP . `` We are waiting for borders to open even further so more guests can come to us and so we can visit them . '' Voters , however , appeared reluctant to criticise the government . In Gyami , a village outside the Turkmen capital , 25-year-old Guzel said she had come to the local polling station to vote and watch her daughter perform in a children 's folk-dance troupe . `` I voted for our fellow village resident . He is an experienced person and knows village life well , '' she said . Pensioner Bayram-aga , a voter in Ashgabat , said: `` I remember the elections from the Soviet days. ... People were very active then , it was like a festival . Now it 's much quieter . '' Western observers say Niyazov still casts a shadow , despite promises of openness by Berdymukhamedov and some moves to dismantle the late dictator 's bizarre personality cult . Niyazov 's gold statue still towers over the desert nation 's capital , rotating to face the sun . `` The facade has changed but the foundations remain the same , '' said a Western diplomat , who requested anonymity . `` Power rests entirely with the president . His photo appears every day on the front of the papers . He strictly controls the economy and the whole of the media , '' the diplomat added . New York-based Human Rights Watch said in an assessment last month that Turkmenistan had made `` some progress '' but `` remains ... one of the most repressive and authoritarian states in the world . '' The elections are unlikely to get a clean bill of health from the West , not least as all candidates have stressed support for the president while campaigning . The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe sent eight experts to monitor the poll and draw up an `` internal report . '' The group 's spokesman , Jens Hagen Eschenbecher , told AFP that the experts would not be making any public statements on their conclusions . Ninety percent of the 288 candidates come from the Democratic Party set up by Niyazov in place of the Communist Party , with the other 10 percent coming from so-called `` initiative groups '' that have little clout . All candidates are funded by the state , with a ban on other funding . Western journalists have been refused permission to cover the vote . Foreign election observers will mainly come from the Commonwealth of Independent States , a post-Soviet group with little credibility . With its enormous natural gas reserves , Turkmenistan is central to European efforts to diversify gas supplies away from Russia . Berdymukhamedov has voiced support for giving the West more access to Turkmen gas .

11_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . timesca . com index . php m - news - by - category politics - analyses - and - opinions 11765 - turkmenistan - to - hold - first - ever - parliamentary - elections - on - a - two - party - basis 27 09 2013 - Turkmenistan to hold first - ever parliamentary elections on a two - party basis Published on Friday , 27 September 2013 Parliamentary elections in Turkmenistan that are scheduled for December 15 of this year will be held on a two - party basis , for the first time in the country ’ s history , according to the Central Elections Commission of Turkmenistan .

11_3ecb.xml
Voters in Turkmenistan cast ballots Sunday in a parliamentary election hailed by the government as an exercise in democracy but dismissed by critics as a sham . The election of a 125-seat national legislature is the first parliamentary vote in the natural-gas rich Central Asian nation since the death of longtime autocrat Saparmurat Niyazov two years ago . His successor , Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov , says the election is a key step in the development of democracy . But while the seats are contested , only one political party is legally registered in Turkmenistan , and its opponents have no foothold in politics . The U.S. and Europe are courting Turkmenistan as they seek to diversify energy sources and were watching the vote for signs of change .

11_3ecbplus.xml
http : centralasiaonline . com en _ GB articles caii newsbriefs 2013 09 26 newsbrief - 02 Turkmen election to have 2 parties for 1st time 2013 - 09 - 26 For the first time in post - Soviet Turkmenistan's history , its parliamentary elections will have two parties , ITAR - TASS reported September 26 , citing the country's Central Election and Referendum Commission ( TsKVPR ) . Besides the ruling Democratic Party ( former Communist Party ) , the Party of Industrialists and Entrepreneurs ( PPPT ) – founded in 2012 – will be seeking seats in the December 15 election . Parliament has 125 seats . The campaign starts October 5 , according to TsKVPR . Presently , parliament has one PPPT member , who won a vacated seat in Akhal Oblast in June .

11_4ecb.xml
The people of Turkmenistan have voted in the first parliamentary election held after the adoption of a new constitution earlier this year . The Central Election Commission said that turnout was almost 90 % . It was the first poll to be held under President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov , who has promised to end the Central Asian nation 's international isolation . The authorities say the vote is an important democratic step , but critics question the validity of the process . Almost all of the 288 candidates running for 125 seats in the parliament came either from Turkmenistan 's sole political party , the Democratic Party , or state-affiliated organisations . All candidates were funded by the state as alternative funding was banned . Ethnic minorities , such as the sizeable Uzbek community , were not permitted to nominate their own candidates . International observers There was no shortage of voters in the parliamentary elections in Turkmenistan , the former Soviet republic which borders the Caspian Sea . According to the country 's Central Election Commission the turnout was extremely high . Almost all of the 2.5 million people eligible cast their votes , reports said . State media proudly reported that Turkmen citizens living abroad were able to vote for the first time at Turkmen embassies and consulates . Officials are keen to demonstrate that these elections are part of Turkmenistan 's process of democratisation . International observers from the Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe were invited to monitor the poll . They are not expected to give any formal assessment of the election proceedings . Previously , Turkmenistan had a People 's Council whose 2,507 members had to be approved by the country 's late ruler , Saparmurat Niyazov , who died in 2006 after 21 years in power . The new leader , Mr Berdymukhamedov , a former dentist , has introduced a number of measures to modernise the gas-rich nation , after years of isolation under his predecessor . Abolishing the People 's Council and reinstating the country 's parliament was one of them . However the country remains largely closed to the outside world .

11_4ecbplus.xml
http : en . trend . az regions casia turkmenistan 2197642 . html Electoral districts established in Turkmenistan due to parliamentary elections 4 October 2013 , 18 : 07 ( GMT+05 : 00 ) Regarding the election of deputies of the Turkmen Mejlis ( Parliament ) , which is scheduled for December 15 , 2013 , a decision was taken on establishment of electoral districts , the resolution of the Central Election Commission of Turkmenistan released on Friday said . In accordance with Article 60 of the Turkmen Constitution for the orderly conduct of the elections in the country 125 electoral districts will be established , including those in Ashgabat city - 15 , Akhal province - 15 , Balkan province - 10 , Dashoguz province - 27 , Lebap province - 28 , Mary province - 30 . It is expected that the start of the campaign for this election will be announced on October 5 , 2013 , in Turkmenistan . Nomination of candidates for the national parliament will take place from October 16 to November 14 . Registration will run from October 26 to November 20 . It is expected the elections will be monitored by national observers and invited international experts and witnesses from many foreign countries and major international organisations and in the first instance , the European Union , the CIS and the OSCE . The MPs term of office is five years . The main current staff was elected in December 2008 . According to the Turkmen constitution , the parliament passes laws , makes changes and additions to the Constitution of Turkmenistan ; examines the state budget approval , addresses questions on holding referendums and announces presidential and parliamentary elections . It also considers issues the appointment and dismissal of the chief of the Supreme Court , attorney general , interior minister and minister of justice and ratifies and terminates international treaties , addresses issues on changes of state borders and the administrative - territorial division of Turkmenistan .

11_5ecb.xml
Voters in reclusive Turkmenistan elect a parliament Sunday in balloting heralded by authorities in the natural gas-rich nation as a key step toward democratic standards but dismissed by critics as a sham . The election comes two years after the death of idiosyncratic dictator Saparmurat Niyazov , which kindled hopes here and in the West that the Central Asian country would gradually roll back its oppressive political regime and introduce greater freedoms . Niyazov 's successor , President Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov , has revoked some of his more draconian decrees and vowed to pursue political reform . But most of the parliamentary candidates are from the only permitted political party , and exiled opposition activists say the president has failed to live up to his promises . `` Beyond all the pompous declarations , there will be no real change , '' Tadzhigul Begmedova , director of the Turkmenistan Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights , said by telephone from Varna , Bulgaria . `` The hopes many people had that a new president would open up Turkmen society have been shattered . '' On the surface , Turkmenistan 's political landscape is changing . In September , the rubber-stamp People 's Council - a 2,507-member assembly of presidential appointees , town elders and others - voted to abolish itself and cede most of its powers to an expanded parliament . But out of the 288 candidates running for the 125 seats Sunday , more than half are members of the pro-presidential Democratic Party of Turkmenistan - a political force created out of the ashes of the Soviet-era Turkmen Communist Party . Non-party candidates have been drawn from state-controlled women 's and veterans ' organizations , trade unions and a youth group . The only non-party candidate in the capital , Ashgabat , avidly supports Berdymukhamedov - undermining official claims the polls will offer a wide choice . `` I will devote all my strengths to the honest and righteous support of our esteemed president 's domestic and foreign policy , '' the candidate , regional bureaucrat Resulberdy Mammedov , said in a campaign statement . Niyazov isolated Turkmenistan from the international community and forged a pervasive personality cult . He called himself Turkmenbashi , or father of all Turkmens , renamed months after himself and his mother , and made his self-penned spiritual tome mandatory reading for students and state employees . With Berdymukhamedov decreasing the country 's isolation , government opponents claim the election is aimed to appease Western countries that are eager to win access to its vast natural-gas reserves but wary of its record on democracy and human rights . The U.S. and European Union are seeking to lessen Russia 's control over exports of Turkmen gas . `` This whole spectacle has been arranged for the international community , to show that Turkmenistan is following the path of democratization , '' said Begmedova . While officials have extolled the vote as an exercise in democracy , there has been little campaigning and little coverage on state-run television , in contrast with the February 2007 presidential election that confirmed Berdymukhamedov 's role as head of state . `` There are very few billboards around the city . With just four days to go before the election , I still do n't know who I 'm supposed to vote for , '' said Maral , 45 , an Ashgabat resident who declined to give her surname for fear of official intimidation .

11_5ecbplus.xml
http : en . trend . az regions casia turkmenistan 2196850 . html UN consults Turkmenistan on electoral processes 2 October 2013 , 15 : 39 ( GMT+05 : 00 ) On October 1 - 2 Ashgabat hosts a seminar organised with the assistance of the United Nations Development Programme on 'Enhancing the electoral system and processes in Turkmenistan' , a statement of the event organisers said on Wednesday . The project is a part of a joint project with the Central Commission for Elections and Referenda ( CEC ) in Turkmenistan . 'The objectives of this meeting are to provide expert support to professionals and members of the electoral commission on issues of administration and technical procedures of the electoral process , as well as advice in preparing a plan to monitor the elections' , the information said . After the seminar , UN consultants will submit the country's CEC guidelines for the use of the international standard of election observation in accordance with national legislation . Turkeminstan's CEC plans to hold elections on December 15 2013 . It is expected that the elections will be observed by local observers and invited international experts and observers from many foreign countries and major international organisations and in the first instance , the European Union , CIS and OSCE . The term of office of Turkmen MPs is five years . The current senior composition was elected in December 2008 .

11_6ecb.xml
Turkmens go to the polls Sunday in a parliamentary election the West sees as a test of the Central Asian nation 's commitment to bring about change after decades of isolation . Critics say the poll is a sham and designed to put a gloss of democracy on a government that tolerates no dissent . All the candidates in Sunday 's election represent either the ruling Democratic Party of Turkmenistan , the only party registered in Turkmenistan , or a handful of state-approved independents . Europe will be watching the vote closely as it tries to gauge how much business it can do with the gas-rich nation it sees as key to its energy diversification .

11_7ecb.xml
The parliament election is over in Turkmenistan .

11_8ecb.xml
Turkmenistan 's voters are going to the polls in parliamentary elections portrayed by the government as a step towards democracy in the gas-rich Central Asian nation . But critics say that Sunday 's vote is a sham with all the candidates either representing the ruling Democratic Party , the only registered party , or a handful of state-approved independents . `` Beyond all the pompous declarations , there will be no real change , '' Tadzhigul Begmedova , director of the Turkmenistan Helsinki Foundation for Human Rights , said from Bulgaria . `` The hopes many people had that a new president would open up Turkmen society have been shattered . '' Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov became president in 2006 after the death of Saparmurat Niyazov , who forged a personality cult that saw months of the year renamed after himself and his mother , and a spiritual guide he authored become mandatory for students and government workers . 'Pluralism and openess ' Berdymukhamedov rolled back some of the decrees which had celebrated the previous leader and vowed to increase democracy and foreign investment . `` It does not matter who gets elected . The president has the final say `` `` This campaign stands out for its pluralism , openness and the activeness of the citizens , '' an election official told the AFP news agency , requesting anonymity . In September , the People 's Council , a 2,507-member assembly of presidential appointees , town elders and others , voted to abolish itself and cede most of its powers to an expanded parliament . But more than half of the 288 candidates running for the parliament 's 125 seats on Sunday are from the Democratic Party , while the others have been drawn from state-controlled women 's and veterans ' organisations , trade unions and a youth group . All of them receive state funding for the campaign as no other form of political funding is allowed under Turkmenistan 's laws . `` It does not matter who gets elected . The president has the final say , '' Osman-aga , who herds camels in a remote desert area , told the Reuters news agency . Contest 'impossible ' The Organisation for Security and Co-operation in Europe has not sent only three observers to monitor the vote , saying a genuine contest was impossible . Human Rights Watch said in a report last month: `` The conditions are not in place to hold a free and fair election that would be a meaningful reflection of the will of the people . '' The presence of foreign media also is limited as many journalists were unable to get permission to report there . The run-up to the election in the former Soviet state has seen little campaigning and garnered little coverage on state-run television . `` There are very few billboards around the city ... I still do n't know who I 'm supposed to vote for , '' Maral , a resident of Ashgabat who declined to give her surname for fear of official intimidation , told the Associated Press news agency .

11_9ecb.xml
The government of Turkmenistan said 90 per cent of eligible voters had participated in parliamentary elections Sunday , despite boycotts from opposition groups . The elections , the first since the country adopted a new constitution earlier this year , had 2.5 million eligible voters picking between 288 candidates for 125 seats in the revived parliament . In another first , the government allowed international observers to oversee the elections . According to media reports , President Kurbanguly Berdymukhamedov saw the step as necessary to prove that the oil- and gas-rich nation can meet Western standards of democracy . But opposition groups boycotted the election . Groups representing Uzbeks , the nation 's largest minority , complained that there was not a single Uzbek name on the ballots . Additionally , human rights group argued that recent reforms implemented by Berdymukhamedov 's government were mere window dressing . A victory by groups with close ties to the administration was expected . The government claims that seating a new parliament is a major step forward . Under Berdymukhamedov 's predecessor , laws were rubber-stamped by a group known as the People 's Council , which was loyal to former president Saparmurat Niyazov , also known as Turkmenbaschi , or Leader of all Turkmens . Niyazov died in 2006 .

