12_10ecb.xml
The Indian navy has captured 23 Somalian pirates . The pirates were about to board a vessel in the Gulf of Aden when they were apprehended . Last month , India 's navy drew criticism after sinking a Thai fishing trawler that had been commandeered hours earlier by pirates , but the navy says it fired in self-defence . Somali pirates have become increasingly brazen , and recently seized a Saudi supertanker loaded with e75m worth of crude oil .

12_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . hindustantimes . com audio - news - video AV - NewsX INS - Sukanya - intercepts - pirate - ships - arms - seized Article2 - 768142 . aspx INS Sukanya intercepts pirate ships , arms seized November 12 , 2011 Indian navy has foiled a piracy attempt on 5 Indian merchant vessels in international waters . Navy's frigate INS Sukanya intercepted 3 pirate ships and seized arms and ammunition from the pirates . News X has exclusive pictures of the anti - piracy operation . This operation was part of the International efforts to secure high seas ; India has been at the forefront of anti - piracy operations .

12_11ecb.xml
The Indian navy said it arrested 23 pirates who threatened a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden on Saturday , the latest in a series of recent clashes with Somali pirates . Indian forces repulsed the pirates as they were about to board the merchant ship , navy spokesman Commander Nirad Sinha said . The pirates are from Somalia and Yemen , two countries surrounding the Gulf of Aden , Sinha said . No further details were immediately available . Last month , India 's navy drew criticism after sinking a Thai fishing trawler that had been commandeered hours earlier by pirates . The navy defended its actions , saying it had fired in self-defense . Somali pirates have become increasingly brazen in recent months , seizing a number of vessels including a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million worth of crude oil . Somalia , an impoverished nation caught up in an Islamic insurgency , has not had a functioning government since 1991 .

12_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . indianexpress . com news ins - sukanya - foils - piracy - attempt - in - gulf - of - eden 874560 INS Sukanya foils piracy attempt in Gulf of Eden Sat Nov 12 2011 , 01 : 19 hrs Warship INS Sukanya on Thursday foiled a piracy attempt in the Gulf of Aden between Somalia and Yemen . The ship was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor ( IRTC ) when the bid occurred . This is the fifth anti - piracy operation carried out by the warship after it was sent for patrol missions to the Gulf of Aden in September . The course of INS Sukanya was altered to intercept boats targeting the merchant vessels . "The incident occurred around 9 . 25 am when five boats were seen approaching the vessels . . . Seeing the warship headed in their direction , the skiffs tried to escape . While two of them managed to flee , boarding - and - search operations were carried out on the other three , " a defence spokesperson said . Six AK 47 rifles , 12 magazines and 300 rounds of ammunition were seized from the boats . They had 26 crewmen aboard , all Somalian nationals . "We also managed to find grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves , which are proof that those caught were pirates . "

12_12ecb.xml
In another successful anti-piracy operation , Navy warship on Saturday repulsed an attack on a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden and nabbed 23 Somali and Yemeni sea brigands , in a show of resolve to weed out the menace that affected maritime trade in the region . The pirates on two speed boats had surrounded the merchant vessel flying the Ethiopian flag around noon , when INS Mysore warship intervened and warded off the attack , Navy spokesperson said . The pirates had fired at the merchant vessel with their small arms , when it sent out a rescue call and the Indian warship , which was sailing nearby moved its Marine Commandos on a helicopter to help the distressed cargo vessel , he said . The attack took place about 150 nautical miles off Aden and INS Mysore was about 13 nautical miles away from the merchant vessel when it picked up the SOS call . The Navy flew its Marine Commandos on helicopters to the scene of the pirate attack and rescued the ship. MV Gibe was later escorted to safety , he added . The Naval commandos also boarded the pirates ' boats and seized seven AK-47 assault rifles , two other rifles , a grenade launcher and 13 fully loaded magazines of ammunition from the 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni pirates on board the two pirate boats . Further search for other pirates , who fled from the spot following the Indian Naval intervention , was in progress , the spokesperson said . Last month , Navy warship INS Tabar , a missile-frigate , had sunk a mother ship of the pirates and had also rescued two merchant vessels that were under attack from the sea brigands . After the successful counter attack on the pirates , INS Mysore later escorted MV Gibe to safety , the Navy spokesperson said . It also launched further search for some of the pirates who escaped after the launch of the marine commando operation . Indian Navy has also sought assistance from warships of other countries deployed on anti-piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden to catch the runaway brigands , he said . New Delhi had taken a serious view of piracy-related incidents in the Gulf of Aden , the primary sea lane for global maritime trade to and fro oil-rich West Asia , following the abduction of MV Stolt Valor , which had 18 Indian sailors on board , by Somali pirates from the region on September 15 , 2008 . On October 23 , India gave a go-ahead to the Navy 's request for a pro-active approach to counter the outlaws operating with audacity in the region along the Horn of Africa . The Navy rushed its stealth frigate INS Tabar , which was already deployed nearby to Gulf of Aden on November 2 and since then it rescued an Indian vessel MV Jag Arnav and a Saudi cargo ship on November 11 and also sunk a pirate `mother ship ' on November 19 . The 'first kill ' , as Navy Chief Admiral Sureesh Mehta had later described the sinking , turned out to be a Thai fishing trawler under the pirates ' control carrying a lot of ammunition and it went up in flames after INS Tabar fired at it in retaliation .

12_13ecb.xml
The Indian navy captured 23 pirates in the Gulf of Aden after rescuing a merchant vessel that was being hijacked on Saturday , the Defence Ministry said . The Indian INS Mysore was patrolling the waters when it received a distress call from Ethiopian-flagged MV Gibe saying two boats were closing in and firing , a Defence Ministry statement said . `` On sighting the helicopter and Mysore , the boats disengaged from MV Gibe and attempted escape . Mysore closed the vessels and ordered them to stop . '' Indian commandos boarded the larger pirate boat , seizing 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni nationals as well as arms and equipment , the statement said . Piracy in the Gulf of Aden has been on a rise this year , with several high-profile hijackings , including the capture of Saudi supertanker Sirius Star , which was loaded with $ 100 million of crude oil .

12_14ecb.xml
The Indian navy has captured 23 pirates who threatened a merchant vessel in the lawless waters of the Gulf of Aden . The Indians say the pirates were from Somalia and Yemen , two countries on the coast of the Gulf . Also , a German naval helicopter thwarted another attack today on a freighter being chased by speedboats off Yemen . Both ships that were targeted by the pirates are said to be Ethiopian . Somali pirates recently seized a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million of crude oil . Also , the threat of pirates recently prompted a German cruise ship to evacuate some 420 passengers and crew after the company decided not to risk their safety as the ship passed through the Gulf of Aden . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is set to ask the U.N. to authorize `` all necessary measures '' against the increasingly bold Somalian pirates .

12_15ecb.xml
MSNBC is reporting that the Indian Navy claims they have captured 23 pirates in the Gulf of Aden . This the region where so many ships have recently been commandeered . They had `` a large cache of weapons including 7 AK-47 rifles , a rocket propelled grenade launcher , and 3 machine guns . '' They are taking the vessels to pirate controlled regions in Somalia , with an estimated 1,500 pirates .

12_16ecb.xml
Commandos from an Indian warship today caught pirates in the act in the Gulf of Aden and took 23 of them into custody , a spokesperson at naval headquarters said . Indian naval ship Mysore , a destroyer , picked up a distress call from merchant vessel Gibe , which flies an Ethiopian flag , when it was 13 nautical miles ( about 24km ) from the cargo ship . Details of what exactly happened are still awaited . The Gibe was about 150 nautical miles ( about 277km ) from Aden when the pirates , said to be in a dhow or fishing vessel named Salaluddin , fired at it and tried to board it , according to information available now . Two speedboats suspected to be carrying more pirates were approaching the Gibe . The navy spokesperson said marine commandos from the Mysore flew in the destroyer 's embarked helicopter , boarded the Salaluddin and caught 12 Somalis and 11 Yemenis . They also confiscated seven AK-47s , a 5.56mm and a 7.62mm rifles , a grenade launcher , three outboard motors ( used to power dinghies or inflatable rafts ) , a handheld global positioning system and mobile phones . The pirates in the speedboats fled . The Mysore is tasked to patrol a 480-nautical-mile corridor from Bab-el-Mandab in the west to the mouth of the Gulf of Aden . It is required to be in touch with merchant vessels within a 15-nautical-mile radius at all times . Last month , marine commandos from INS Tabar were reported to have rescued two cargo vessels that were being attacked . Later , the Tabar fired at and sank a Thai trawler that the Indian Navy said was a pirate `` mother vessel '' . The Mysore will eventually replace the Tabar in patrolling the Gulf of Aden and off the coast of Somalia . A much larger ship than the frigate , the Mysore was deployed because it is capable of staying out at sea longer without having to replenish frequently .

12_17ecb.xml
For the fourth time in two months , the Indian Navy on Saturday took the bandits head on foiling a piracy attempt and putting 23 pirates out of business . Indian Naval Services ( INS ) Mysore , the Indian Naval destroyer on anti-piracy patrol in the Gulf of Aden , rescued an Ethiopian ship , MV Gibe . Pirates on a dhow and a smaller boat attacked this merchant ship about 1100 hrs IST , 150 nautical miles west of Aden , firing machine guns to scare the crew . The Indian warship , which was escorting merchant ships some 13 miles away , responded to the distress call . They launched marine commandos on an armed helicopter and altered course to confront the pirates . The bandits lost nerve on seeing the helicopter and the warships and attempted to flee The INS Mysore fired warning shots , forcing the pirates to give up . Marine Commandos boarded the pirate dhow , Salahaddin , which had the smaller boat in tow . Of the 23 pirates arrested , 12 are reported to be Somali and 11 Yemeni . The cache of arms on the pirate ship included seven AK-47 rifles , one rocket propelled grenade launcher , grenades and three other rifles . The pirates have been taken on board the INS Mysore . They are likely to be handed over to law enforcing authorities in Djibouti . The Indian anti-piracy patrol is moving full steam ahead undeterred by the adverse publicity which followed the November 18 sinking of a Thai fishing trawler in Indian Naval action against pirates on board .

12_18ecb.xml
The Indian Navy said Saturday it had captured 23 pirates as they tried to board an Ethiopian-flagged vessel in the Gulf of Aden . The pirates were Somali and Yemeni , the BBC reported. A navy spokesman said the Indians responded to a distress call from the MV Gibe and caught the pirates in the act . On Friday , a high-level U.S. naval commander said attacking Somali ports probably would n't be effective in battling rampant piracy . Speaking at a security conference in Bahrain attended by representatives from 25 countries , U.S. Navy Vice Adm. Bill Gortney said there would many difficulties in attacking land bases in an effort to curtail piracy . Gortney maintained that civilian casualties could be high in such attacks because pirates would be hard to identify . Instead , he suggested shippers employ armed guards to protect their vessels from hijackings . Meanwhile , Somali pirates Saturday released a Greek chemical tanker , the MV Action , they had held since October , a piracy monitor told CNN . `` She is currently limping to safe waters ( and ) it is feared that three crew members lost their lives under questionable circumstances , '' Andrew Mwangura , head of the Seafarers Assistance Program in Mombasa , Kenya

12_19ecb.xml
Taking the lead in the fight against piracy , the Indian Navy on Saturday arrested 23 Somali pirates . An Indian warship , INS Mysore deployed in the Gulf of Aden attacked two boats of pirates after receiving signals from a ship that the pirates were trying to hijack . The Indian warship was patrolling in the Somali waters when it rushed to rescue MV Gibe , a merchant vessel flying the Ethiopian flag . The pirates on two speed boats had surrounded the merchant vessel , when INS Mysore warship intervened and warded off the attack , Navy spokesperson said here . The pirates had fired at the merchant vessel with their small arms , when it sent out a rescue call and the Indian warship , which was sailing nearby moved its Marine Commandos on an helicopter to help the distressed cargo vessel , he said . The attack took place about 150 nautical miles off Aden and INS Mysore was about 13 nautical miles away from the merchant vessel when it picked up the SOS call . The Navy flew its Marine Commandos on helicopters to the scene of the pirate attack and rescued the ship. MV Gibe was later escorted to safety , he added . The Indian commandos also recovered 12 AK 47 guns , three rifles , two grenades along with other ammunition . Out of 23 arrested pirates , 12 are reportedly from Somalia and 11 from Yemen . The Indian warship , the INS Mysore , was dispatched to the Gulf of Aden after a spike in piracy and hijackings off the coast of Somalia , which is caught up in an Islamic insurgency and has had no functioning government since 1991 .

12_1ecb.xml
The Indian Navy on Saturday prevented pirates from attacking a merchant vessel flying an Ethiopian flag in the Gulf of Aden and took 23 into custody . Responding to a distress call by MV Gibe , INS Mysore on anti-piracy patrol in the area , swung into action against the pirates in two boats , a Defence Ministry release said . The apprehended included 12 Somalis and 11 Yemenis. Seven AK-47s , three other automatic rifles , 13 loaded magazines , a rocket-propelled grenade-launcher , rockets , cartridges and grenades were found in the boats . There were also three outboard motors and a global positioning system receiver . The personnel , arms , ammunition and equipment would be handed over to appropriate authorities ashore . The Ministry said MV Gibe put out a message at 1100 hours that it was under attack from two boats closing in on it and firing small arms . The merchant vessel retaliated with small arms onboard . The warship some 13 nautical miles away , altered course and launched its integral armed helicopter . On sighting the warship and the helicopter , the pirates attempted to escape . INS Mysore closed in and ordered them to stop . The larger boat , a dhow was identified as Salahuddin , with the second smaller boat in tow . Marine commandos boarded the dhow at 1230 hours and apprehended the pirates and recovered the arms , ammunition and equipment . PTI reports: Last month , Navy warship INS Tabar , a missile-frigate , had sunk a mother ship of the pirates and had also rescued two merchant vessels under attack . On November 19 , INS Tabar sunk a fishing trawler that was under the control of pirates , in a third successive strike since its deployment on November 2 this year .

12_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . thehindu . com news national navy - foils - somali - pirate - attack - off - gulf - of - aden article2618961 . ece Updated : November 11 , 2011 20 : 09 IST Navy foils Somali pirate attack off Gulf of Aden The Indian Navy patrolling the Gulf of Aden on Thursday thwarted a multi - boat attack by sea brigands on merchant vessels , apprehending 26 Somali pirates and confiscating arms and ammunition , in the fifth successful anti - piracy operation since September . At 9 . 25 a . m . on Thursday , navy personnel aboard warship INS Sukanya spotted a group of five suspicious boats speedily approaching the merchant vessels of her group . “ The warship immediately altered ( its direction ) towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them . On seeing the resolve evident in the warship ’ s action and probably mindful of the reputation for resolute action that the Indian Navy justly enjoys in such deployments , the pirate skiffs reversed course and tried to flee the area , ” Captain Manohar Nambiar , Chief Public Relations Officer , Defence , said . While two of them managed to escape , INS Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three boats and , in a well - practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action , nabbed 26 Somali pirates with six AK 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by INS Sukanya in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden that commenced in September , the Navy said . INS Sukanya , currently deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor when the incident happened . The timely operation by INS Sukanya resulted , once again , in foiling the pirates ’ attempt to attack merchant vessels transiting the busy sea lane through which over nearly $100 billion worth India ’ s external trade passes each year , Captain Nambiar said . In their five operations so far , the personnel on board the warship have confiscated 14 AK - 47 Rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition , he said . Indian Navy is part of the international effort to ensure the safety and freedom of seaborne trade in this high - risk stronghold of modern - day piracy .

12_2ecb.xml
Indian naval forces came to the rescue of a merchant vessel under attack by pirates in the Gulf of Aden on Saturday , capturing 23 of the raiders , India said . India 's INS Mysore and its armed helicopter were on anti-piracy patrol when they received a distress call from the Ethiopian-flagged MV Gibe saying two boats were closing in and firing , a Defence Ministry statement said . `` On sighting the helicopter and Mysore , the boats disengaged from MV Gibe and attempted escape . Mysore closed the vessels and ordered them to stop . '' Indian commandos boarded the larger pirate boat , seizing 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni nationals as well as arms and equipment , the statement said . A surge in piracy this year in the busy Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean off Somalia has driven up insurance costs , earned the gangs tens of millions of dollars in ransoms , and prompted foreign navies to rush to the area to protect shipping . Several international naval operations are under way off Somalia , including a NATO anti-piracy mission . The Indian Navy in November said it had sunk the Somali pirate `` mother ship '' , though an anti-piracy watchdog later said the vessel was actually a Thai ship carrying fishing equipment that was being hijacked . Somalia has seen continuous conflict since 1991 and its weak Western-backed government is still fighting Islamist insurgents . The chaos has helped fuel the explosion in piracy . There have been nearly 100 attacks in Somali waters this year . Pirates holding about a dozen ships and nearly 300 crewmen in safe havens on the Somali coast . Among the captured vessels are a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million of crude oil , the Sirius Star , and a Ukrainian cargo ship carrying some 30 Soviet-era tanks , the MV Faina .

12_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . ndtv . com article india indian - ship - thwarts - piracy - attempt - in - gulf - of - aden - 26 - pirates - arrested - 148985 Indian ship thwarts piracy attempt in Gulf of Aden , 26 pirates arrested Updated : November 11 , 2011 18 : 50 IST Indian Naval ship , INS Sukanya , thwarted a piracy attack in the Gulf of Aden and captured three boats of the pirates . A statement from the Defence PRO says the incident happened yesterday when INS Sukanya was escorting a group of merchant vessels . Five pirate boats tried to attack these vessels but were challenged by the Indian Naval ship . After a brief skirmish , two of them managed to flee the area but three boats were captured by INS Sukanya , the statement said . The three boats had a total of 26 Somali crew onboard . During the operation , six AK - 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated . The operation holds significance as over a hundred billion dollars of India's external trade passes each year through this busy sea lane . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by INS Sukanya , in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden , which commenced in September .

12_3ecb.xml
Striking another blow against the pirates infesting the waters off the Horn of Africa , an Indian Navy warship not only repulsed an attack on a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden , but nabbed 23 Somali and Yemeni sea brigands . The pirates , in three boats , were attempting to hijack the Ethopian-flagged merchant vessel around noon today , when the destroyer INS Mysore intervened and repulsed the attack , a Navy spokesman said here . The incident took place about 150 nautical miles off Aden . After the Mysore picked up a distress call from the merchant vessel , MV Gibe , at around 11 a.m. saying it was under attack , it immediately lauched its helicopter and headed for the scene On sighting the helicopter and the Mysore , the pirates broke off their attack and attempted to escape , but the warship chased them down . Marine commandos boarded two of the pirate vessels to nab 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni pirates . Nine assault rifles , a grenade launcher , 13 fully loaded magazines and a GPS receiver were seized from the pirates , the Navy spokesman said . The larger boat , a 10-metre dhow , is named the Salahaddin . It had a smaller boat , a skiff , under tow , Navy sources said . The INS Mysore later escorted the MV Gibe to safety . The pirates are being held on board the Mysore and will be handed over to appropriate authorities ashore , possibly at Djibouti in Ivory Coast , the warship 's next port of call . Today 's operation is the fourth successful offensive by the Navy in the heart of the pirates ' zone of operations . Last month , the INS Tabar , a missile-frigate , had sunk a Thai trawler that was being used as a mothership by the pirates and also rescued two merchant vessels that were under attack . The Mysore , a 6,900-tonne destroyer , replaced the Tabar on patrol in the region about a fortnight ago . Dozen of warships of several countries are also patrolling the shipping lanes in the Gulf of Aden . India 's recent pro-active approach against piracy reflects the concern of the maritime community over a new surge in hijackings off Somalia . The International Maritime Bureau has reported that pirates based in the lawless African nation were now `` out of control '' . New Delhi had taken a serious view of piracy-related incidents in the region following the hijacking of MV Stolt Valor , with 18 Indian sailors on board , by Somali pirates in September this year . On 23 October , the government gave a go-ahead to the Navy 's request for a pro-active approach against the pirates .

12_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . defence . pk forums indian - defence 140085 - indian - navy - foils - attack - gulf - aden - nabs - 26 - pirates . html Indian Navy foils attack in Gulf of Aden , nabs 26 pirates Mumbai , Nov 11 - Indian Navy patrolling the Gulf of Aden yesterday thwarted a multi - boat attack by sea brigands on merchant vessels , apprehending 26 Somali pirates and confiscating arms and ammunition , in the fifth successful anti - piracy operation since September . At about 9 : 25 Thursday morning , navy personnel aboard warship INS Sukanya spotted a group of five suspicious boats speedily approaching the merchant vessels of her group . "The warship immediately altered ( its direction ) towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them . On seeing the resolve evident in the warship's action and probably mindful of the reputation for resolute action that the Indian Navy justly enjoys in such deployments , the pirate skiffs reversed course and tried to flee the area , " Captain Manohar Nambiar , Chief Public Relations Officer , Defence , said . While two of them managed to escape , INS Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three boats and , in a well - practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action , nabbed 26 Somali pirates with six AK 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by INS Sukanya in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden that commenced in September , the navy said . Warship Sukanya , currently deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor when the incident happened . The timely operation by INS Sukanya resulted , once again , in foiling the pirates' attempt to attack merchant vessels transiting the busy sea lane through which over nearly 100 billion USD worth India's external trade passes each year , Nambiar said . In their five operations so far , the personnel on board the warship have confiscated 14 AK - 47 Rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition , he said . Indian Navy is part of the international effort to ensure the safety and freedom of seaborne trade in this high - risk stronghold of modern - day piracy .

12_4ecb.xml
The Indian navy captured 23 pirates who threatened a merchant vessel in the lawless waters of the Gulf of Aden and a German naval helicopter thwarted another attack Saturday on a freighter being chased by speedboats off Yemen . The successes came days before Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was to ask the United Nations to authorize `` all necessary measures '' against increasingly bold Somalian pirates operating in one of the world 's busiest shipping lanes . An Indian navy ship , the INS Mysore , was escorting merchant ships in waters off Somalia 's coast Saturday when it received a distress call from seamen on board the MV Gibe , who said they were being fired on by two boats that were approaching fast . The Mysore and its helicopter sped to the scene , and the pirate boats attempted to escape when they saw them , according to a statement from the Indian government . Indian marine commandoes boarded the pirate boats and seized `` a substantial cache of arms and equipment , '' including seven AK-47 assault rifles , three machine guns , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and other weapons , the statement said . They also found a GPS receiver and other equipment . The pirates were from Somalia and Yemen , two countries on the coast of the Gulf of Aden . The Gibe was flying an Ethiopian flag but little else was known about it , the Indian statement said . Last month , India 's navy drew criticism after sinking a Thai fishing trawler that had been commandeered hours earlier by pirates . At least one Thai crew member was killed in the attack , which the Indian navy had originally announced by saying it had sunk a pirate `` mother ship . '' The Indian navy defended its actions , saying it had fired in self-defense . Somali pirates have become increasingly brazen and recently seized a Saudi supertanker loaded with $ 100 million of crude oil . Many of the vessels are taken to pirate-controlled regions in Somalia , where they are held for ransom . It was not immediately clear what would happen to the pirates captured by the Indians , or where they would be taken . The statement said only that the prisoners and their weapons would be `` handed over to appropriate authorities ashore . '' Most foreign navies patrolling the Somali coast have been reluctant to detain suspects because of uncertainties over where they would face trial , since Somalia has no effective central government or legal system . Also on Saturday , a German military spokesman said a navy frigate had chased away pirates in speedboats pursuing an Ethiopian freighter off the coast of Yemen . The German frigate responded to a distress call from the freighter , and a helicopter took off from the deck to investigate . The pirates turned away from the freighter as the helicopter flew overhead , said the spokesman , who declined to give his name in line with military policy . An estimated 1,500 pirates are based in Somalia 's semiautonomous Puntland region , raking in millions of dollars . Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present a draft Security Council resolution next week asking the United Nations to authorize `` all necessary measures '' against piracy from Somalia . However , the commander of the U.S. Navy 's 5th Fleet expressed doubt Friday about the wisdom of launching attacks against Somali pirates on land , as the draft proposes . U.S. Vice Adm. Bill Gortney told reporters that it is difficult to identify pirates , and the potential for killing innocent civilians `` can not be overestimated . '' The threat of pirates recently prompted a German cruise ship to evacuate some 420 passengers and crew after the company decided not to risk their safety as the ship passed through the Gulf of Aden . The passengers and crew have rejoined the M/S Columbus - which is on a six-month round-the-world trip - in Oman 's port of Salalah after three days in Dubai , Hamburg-based cruise operator Hapag-Lloyd said Saturday . The ship and a limited crew made it through the gulf without incident , a company spokeswoman said .

12_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . pardaphash . com news indian - navy - captures - 26 - somali - pirates - in - gulf - of - aden 683284 . html# . UlFH6xaKwlI Indian Navy captures 26 Somali pirates in Gulf of Aden Published on : Fri , 11 Nov 2011 at 09 : 56 IST New Delhi Mumbai : An Indian warship foiled a five - boat pirate attack on merchant vessels transiting the Gulf of Aden on Friday capturing 26 Somani brigands on three of the skiffs and confiscating their weapons . Patrol vessel INS Sukanya was escorting the five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor in the Gulf of Aden on Thursday morning when the warship's crew noticed the five - boat pirate formation approaching the cargo ship group . "The warship immediately altered towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them , " the officer said , adding the pirate skiffs then reversed course and tried to flee the area . "While two of the skiffs and its crew managed to get away , Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three skiffs and carried out well - practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action . "The three boats had a total of 26 Somali crew on board . During the operation , six AK - 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated , " the officer said . He said that in addition , the naval boarding party also found a host of other equipment such as grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves , all of which confirmed their intent to attack and hijack the merchant vessels . This anti - piracy action by INS Sukanya was the fifth successful operation by its crew during its current patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden since September this year . The officer said that INS Sukanya has seized a total of 14 AK - 47 rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition during the five operations it carried out there .

12_5ecb.xml
Striking yet another blow at the very heart of piracy in the Gulf of Aden , Indian warship INS Mysore and its marine commandos thwarted a hijack attempt on an Ethiopian merchant vessel on Saturday and captured 23 pirates and a large arms cache in the operation . The arrest of the 23 pirates ( 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni ) and the arms haul is the largest such seizure in the ongoing anti-piracy operations off Somalia . The confiscated arms and equipment included seven AK-47s , three other assault rifles , 13 loaded magazines , a rocket-propelled grenade launcher with two rockets , several grenades , a GPS set and a mobile phone . Early November , the British Royal Navy had captured eight pirates , who were subsequently handed over to Kenya to face trial in the port town of Mombasa . `` The external affairs ministry is now working to find out to which country the 23 pirates in INS Mysore 's custody can be handed over , '' said a senior officer . `` INS Mysore , which replaced stealth frigate INS Tabar early December , may head for Djibouti on the horn of Africa . Our plan to base a maritime reconnaissance aircraft like a Dornier at Djibouti ( which has a French military base ) is also underway , '' he added . Pirates operating with sheer impunity from ports like Eyl and Hobyo in Somalia , torn apart by an 18-year-old civil war , have already attacked as many as 100 merchant vessels transiting through the crucial shipping lane this year . At least 17 of the hijacked ships and their crew are still being held captive by the pirates for ransom . The dramatic action on the high seas on Saturday began at 11am IST when the 6,900-tonne Delhi-class missile destroyer INS Mysore received a `` distress call '' over the MMB Channel 16 from Ethiopian merchant vessel Gibe that it was being attacked by a pirate `` mother dhow '' and a speedboat around 150 nautical miles east of Aden . An armed Chetak helicopter , with four marine commandos , was immediately `` launched '' from INS Mysore towards Gibe , which was 13 nautical miles from the Indian warship at that point in time . `` The sailors on Gibe were exchanging small arms fire with the pirates . On spotting the armed Chetak hovering overhead , the pirate boats broke off their attack , '' said an officer . Soon after , steaming at full speed , the deadly INS Mysore also reached the spot . By then , all 23 pirates had clambered onto the 10-metre-long dhow -- later identified as `Salahaddin ' -- in a bid to escape . INS Mysore then opened fire across the dhow 's bows with its heavy-calibre machine guns , forcing the sea bandits to come to a complete halt . A detachment of heavily-armed marine commandos promptly sped across to the pirate dhow in their fibre-glass inflatable boats . `` Seeing the Marcos , the pirates surrendered quite easily , even though for some time they pretended to be plain fishermen . A search of the dhow led to the discovery of the large arms cache and three outboard motors , '' he said . `` The grenades , being unstable , were thrown off overboard . The 23 pirates and the other arms were taken on board INS Mysore , which will resume its patrolling duties after handing over them over to appropriate ashore authorities , '' he added . Though over 20 warships from US , EU and other countries are patrolling the piracy-infested Gulf of Aden , which connects the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean , it 's actually the Indian Navy which has taken the battle to the pirates . On November 11 , INS Tabar had repulsed two hijack attempts , one on an Indian ship ( MV Jag Arnav ) and the other on a Saudi oil carrier ( NCC Tihama ) , one after the other . Then , on November 18 , it had sunk Thai trawler `` Ekawat Nava 5 '' , which had been commandeered by pirates , after a gunbattle . Though the Navy had come in for some criticism for sinking the Thai trawler , Admiral Sureesh Mehta had declared that his force had done nothing wrong . `` Thai ownership does not change the situation . It was under the command of pirates . Use of force was inevitable ... We acted in self-defence , '' said the Navy chief . External affairs minister Pranab Mukherjee , too , had strongly defended the Navy 's anti-piracy action on the high seas .

12_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . rediff . com news slide - show slide - show - 1 - must - see - navy - pins - down - somali - pirates - in - heroic - face - off 20111111 . htm MUST SEE : Navy pins down Somali pirates in heroic face - off Last updated on : November 11 , 2011 19 : 04 IST Indian Naval Ship Sukanya , deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , thwarted a multiple - boat attack by pirates on Thursday and rescued 26 Somali crewmembers . The ship was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the internationally recognised transit corridor at 9 : 25 hours on Thursday when officers onboard detected a group of five boats approaching the merchant vessels . The warship immediately changed its route and challenged the pirates ferrying the suspicious vessels The pirates tried to reverse the course of the boats and tried to flee . Two managed to give the Indian Navy a slip , but the other three boats were intercepted . During the operation , six AK 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated . In addition , a host of other equipment such as grapnels were also confiscated . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by Sukanya , in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden , which commenced in September . So far , the Indian Navy has confiscated 14 AK 47 Rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition from pirates .

12_6ecb.xml
The Indian Navy on Saturday foiled a hijack attempt in the notorious Gulf of Aden and arrested 23 heavily armed Somalian and Yemeni pirates . Within minutes of receiving a distress call from an Ethiopian vessel , MV Gibe , INS Mysore , a Delhi-class destroyer , launched an armed helicopter with marine commandos onboard to stop the pirates from boarding and hijacking the vessel . The skipper of the Ethiopian vessel , sailing 150 nautical miles west of Aden , radioed a message at around 11 am ( IST ) saying that pirates had brought his ship under heavy fire . The Mysore , which replaced stealth frigate INS Tabar in November-end , immediately launched a helicopter and began closing in on the vessel . Upon sighting the chopper , the pirates abandoned their plans to hijack the vessel . Instead , navy sources said , they tied their skiffs ( speedboats ) to the mother vessel and pretended to be fishermen . The mother vessel , a 10-metre craft called Salahaddin , had some catch stocked in it to give the impression that it was a fishing vessel . The Mysore intercepted the mother vessel and fired ahead of it to prevent the pirates from getting away . Sources said the marine commandos had sighted pirates carrying rocket-propelled grenade launchers and automatic weapons . As Mysore engaged the pirates , the commandos boarded the Salahaddin and arrested the pirates , who decided not to hold out as they were no match for the Indian warship . The navy recovered seven AK-47 assault rifles , RPG launchers , three speedboats , grenades and other ammunition . The pirates were taken onboard and would be handed over to authorities in Djibouti . It was in November that the government authorized the navy to undertake `` hot pursuit '' of pirates in the territorial waters of Somalia , which descended into anarchy in 1991 . A country 's territorial waters extend to 12 nautical miles from shore . The navy has been carrying out anti-piracy patrols in the international waters off the Gulf of Aden since October 23 to `` protect Indian sea-borne trade , instill confidence in the seafaring community and act as a deterrent for pirates . '' `` Hot pursuit `` empowers the navy to temporarily violate the maritime border of Somalia to pursue pirates . This marks the fourth success of the navy against pirates after it launched anti-piracy patrols . On November 19 , Tabar sank a Somalian pirate vessel after being threatened with disastrous consequences . A few days before that , the same warship foiled two hijack attempts in the Gulf of Aden -- - the world 's most dangerous waters for commercial shipping . It rescued an Indian flagship and a Saudi Arabian merchant vessel .

12_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . freerepublic . com focus f - news 2807784 posts Indian Naval Ship Interdicts Three Pirate Vessels In A Single Operation Posted on November 15 , 2011 6 : 07 : 15 PM GMT+01 : 0 Indian Naval Ship Sukanya , presently deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , found herself once again in the thick of things , thwarting a multiple - boat piracy attack on 10 Nov 11 . The ship was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the IRTC ( Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor ) when , at about 9 : 25 in the morning of 10th Nov , she detected a group of five suspicious boats , speedily approaching the merchant vessels of her group . The warship immediately altered towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them . On seeing the resolve evident in the warship ’ s action and probably mindful of the reputation for resolute action that the Indian Navy justly enjoys in such deployments , the pirate skiffs reversed course and tried to flee the area . While two of them managed to get away , the Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three and carried out well practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action . The three boats had a total of 26 Somali crew onboard . During the operation , six AK 47 rifles , 12 Magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated . In addition , the boarding party also found a host of other equipment such as grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves all of which confirmed their piratical intent . The timely operation by Sukanya resulted , once again , in foiling the pirates ’ intention of attacking merchant vessels transiting this busy sea lane through which over a hundred Billion Dollars of India ’ s external trade passes each year . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by Sukanya , in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden , which commenced in September . The ship has , thus far , confiscated a total of 14 AK 47 Rifles , 31 Magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition , thereby ensuring that the Indian Navy retains its standing as a force not to be trifled with , and remains at the forefront of anti - piracy operations , as a critical component of the international effort to curb piracy and ensure the safety and freedom of seaborne trade , even in this highly risk - prone area .

12_7ecb.xml
The Indian navy said it has captured 23 Somali and Yemeni pirates who attacked a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden on Saturday . An Indian navy ship sent its marine commandos on a helicopter towards the Ethiopian flag-bearing vessel MV Gibe after getting a distress call from it as it came under fire from two boats , the navy said in a statement . The boats tried to escape on seeing the navy ship but were chased and the pirates surrendered to the commandos when they boarded the boats . `` Twenty-three personnel ( 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni ) surrendered on boarding , '' the navy said . The pirates , along with their arms and equipment , would be handed over to the appropriate authorities , it said , adding that the ship would return to patrolling the Gulf of Aden . Last month , the navy said it had sunk a pirate `` mother vessel '' off Somalia in a battle that erupted after the Indian ship INS Tabar came under attack from gunmen on board the boat . But the International Maritime Bureau later said that the vessel destroyed by the Indian navy was actually a Thai fishing trawler that had been seized by pirates off Yemen . Somali pirates have carried out around 100 attacks in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean since the start of this year . They still hold at least 14 foreign vessels and more than 300 crew members to ransom .

12_7ecbplus.xml
http : articles . timesofindia . indiatimes . com 2011 - 11 - 12 india 30391127 _ 1 _ somali - pirate - attack - indian - warship - merchant - vessels Somali pirate attack foiled in Gulf of Aden TNN Nov 12 , 2011 , 05 . 51AM IST MUMBAI : An Indian warship on Thursday intercepted three boats with 26 Somali pirates in the Gulf of Aden and foiled an attack on merchant vessels . INS Sukanya detected five suspicious boats , speedily approaching the merchant vessels that the warship was escorting through the Internationally Recognized Transit Corridor . "The warship immediately altered towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them . While two of them managed to escape , INS Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three and carried out boarding - and - search action , " said Captain Manohar Nambiar , chief PRO ( Defence ) . The Navy confiscated 14 AK - 47 rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds from the boat along with grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves , Nambiar said . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by INS Sukanya , during its patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden .

12_8ecb.xml
The Indian navy captured 23 piracy suspects who tried to take over a merchant vessel in the Gulf of Aden , between the Horn of Africa and the Arabian Peninsula , Indian officials said . Piracy suspects raise their hands in surrender as an Indian navy boat approaches . In addition to the 12 Somali and 11 Yemeni suspects , the Indian navy seized two small boats and `` a substantial cache of arms and equipment , '' the military said in a statement . Among the seized items were seven AK-47 automatic rifles , three other automatic weapons and 13 loaded magazines ; a rocket-propelled grenade launcher along with rockets , cartridges and grenades ; up to three outboard motors and a global positioning system receiver . Pirate attacks in the waters off Somalia have increased this year , with armed men staging increasingly bold attacks on ever-larger targets . This year , pirates have attacked nearly 100 vessels off Somalia 's coast and hijacked nearly 40 , the International Maritime Bureau said . The Indian warship Mysore , which carried out Saturday 's operation , is on anti-piracy patrol in the Gulf of Aden , the release said . The Mysore received a distress call Saturday morning from the MV Gibe , a merchant vessel sailing under an Ethiopian flag . The Gibe reported that two boats were firing small arms at it . The merchant ship , which was 13 nautical miles from the Mysore , fired back with small arms onboard the vessel . The Mysore changed course toward the Gibe and launched an armed helicopter , the Indian military said . Upon seeing the helicopter and the Mysore closing in , the attackers broke off and tried to flee , the release said . The warship caught up to the boats , the larger of which was described as a 24- to 30-foot dhow , a traditional Arab sailboat . The dhow , identified as bearing the name Salahaddin , was towing a smaller skiff . Indian sailors boarded the Salahaddin , the military said , and the 23 suspects surrendered peacefully . The suspects , weapons , ammunition and equipment will be handed over to authorities , and the Mysore will return to patrol duties , India said . Last month , the Indian navy said it had sunk a pirate `` mother vessel '' in the Gulf of Aden . The ship 's owner said the sunken vessel was a Thai trawler that was being seized by pirates when an Indian warship fired on it . Sixteen crew members were aboard the ship , said Wicharn Sirichaiekawat , owner of the Ekawat Nava 5 . Two have been accounted for . One crewman was found alive after six days adrift in the Gulf of Aden , and one is confirmed dead , the ship 's owner said . Indian authorities insisted that their ship , the frigate INS Tabar , had acted against a pirate vessel that had threatened to attack it . `` We fired in self-defense and in response to firing upon our vessel , '' Commodore Nirad Sinha , a navy spokesman , told CNN . `` It was a pirate vessel in the international waters , and its stance was aggressive . '' He said the ship the Tabar fired on was laden with ammunition . All sorts of vessels -- freight and cargo ships , cruise liners and private yachts -- have been attacked in the waters off Somalia . In many hijackings , pirates take the crew and passengers hostage and demand a ransom . Just this month , Somali pirates captured two Yemeni fishing boats and 22 Yemeni fishermen in the Gulf of Aden , Yemen 's official news agency SABA reported . A day earlier , the German cruise liner MS Columbus said it would fly its 246 passengers and most of its crew over the Gulf of Aden instead of through it to avoid any pirate attack . The United States is reportedly circulating a proposal in the U.N. Security Council that would allow military forces to enter Somali territory in `` hot pursuit '' of pirates . The Pentagon said Friday , however , that there are no plans for U.S. forces to go ashore in pursuit of pirates in Somalia .

12_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . bharatwaves . co . in news Indian - Navy - foils - another - piracy - attempt - - 26046 . html A five - boat pirate attack on merchant vessels transiting the Gulf of Aden was foiled by an Indian warship that was on escort duty , capturing 26 Somani brigands on three of the skiffs and confiscating their weapons , a naval officer said here Friday . Patrol vessel INS Sukanya was escorting the five merchant vessels through the Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor in the Gulf of Aden Thursday morning when the warship's crew noticed the five - boat pirate formation approaching the cargo ship group . "The warship immediately altered towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them , " the officer said , adding the pirate skiffs then reversed course and tried to flee the area . "While two of the skiffs and its crew managed to get away , Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three skiffs and carried out well - practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action . "The three boats had a total of 26 Somali crew on board . During the operation , six AK - 47 rifles , 12 magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated , " the officer said . In addition , the naval boarding party also found a host of other equipment such as grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves , all of which confirmed their intent to attack and hijack the merchant vessels , he said . This anti - piracy action by INS Sukanya was the fifth successful operation by its crew during its current patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden since September this year . INS Sukanya has seized a total of 14 AK - 47 rifles , 31 magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition during the five operations it carried out there , the officer said .

12_9ecb.xml
The Indian navy says it has arrested 23 Somali and Yemeni pirates who tried to storm a ship in the Gulf of Aden . A navy spokesman said it had responded to a mayday call from MV Gibe , flying under the Ethiopian flag . Several countries have warships patrolling the gulf amid growing international concern about piracy . Meanwhile , US Defence Secretary Robert Gates said better intelligence was needed for a land attack on pirate bases to be considered . Mr Gates , speaking at a security conference in Bahrain , also called for shipping companies to do more to protect their vessels travelling through the Arabian Sean and Indian Ocean . The Indian government said in a statement that the captured pirates had a cache of arms and equipment , including seven AK-47 assault rifles , three machine guns , and a rocket-propelled grenade launcher . The pirates would be handed over to the appropriate authorities , the statement added . Last month , India 's navy said it had sunk a pirate `` mother vessel '' off Somalia . But it later emerged that the vessel was actually a Thai fishing trawler that had been seized by pirates off Yemen . Mr Gates told the security conference: `` The need for increased maritime security and potentially new and better means of co-operation has been highlighted by the recent high-profile acts of piracy off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden . Robert Gates called for companies to protect their ships better `` As with terrorism , piracy is a problem that has serious international implications and should be of particular concern to any nation that depends on the seas for commerce . '' Mr Gates said most ships could outrun the pirates and they should take more preventative measures , like pulling up their ladders when at sea and perhaps placing armed guards on board . When asked by the BBC if the US intended to attack the pirates ' land bases , Mr Gates replied that the US and its allies would first need to acquire better intelligence on who is behind the ongoing attacks on shipping . He said he believed that just two or three Somali clans were responsible and that the individuals involved needed to be targeted accurately to avoid killing innocent civilians .

12_9ecbplus.xml
http : brutegorilla . blogspot . nl 2011 11 anti - piracy - ops - by - ins - sukanya . html Friday , November 11 , 2011 Anti Piracy Ops by INS Sukanya Indian Naval Ship Sukanya , presently deployed on anti - piracy patrols in the Gulf of Aden under the operational control of the Western Naval Command , found herself once again in the thick of things , thwarting a multiple - boat piracy attack on 10 Nov 11 . The ship was escorting a group of five merchant vessels through the IRTC ( Internationally Recognised Transit Corridor ) when , at about 9 : 25 in the morning of 10th Nov , she detected a group of five suspicious boats , speedily approaching the merchant vessels of her group . The warship immediately altered towards the suspicious vessels and challenged them . On seeing the resolve evident in the warship's action and probably mindful of the reputation for resolute action that the Indian Navy justly enjoys in such deployments , the pirate skiffs reversed course and tried to flee the area . While two of them managed to get away , the Sukanya successfully intercepted the remaining three and carried out well practiced and professionally executed boarding - and - search action . The three boats had a total of 26 Somali crew onboard . During the operation , six AK 47 rifles , 12 Magazines and about 300 rounds of ammunition were found and confiscated . In addition , the boarding party also found a host of other equipment such as grapnels , ladders and rope - handling gloves all of which confirmed their piratical intent . The timely operation by Sukanya resulted , once again , in foiling the pirates' intention of attacking merchant vessels transiting this busy sea lane through which over a hundred Billion Dollars of India's external trade passes each year . This is the fifth successful anti - piracy operation conducted by Sukanya , in the course of her ongoing patrol mission in the Gulf of Aden , which commenced in September . The ship has , thus far , confiscated a total of 14 AK 47 Rifles , 31 Magazines and 923 rounds of ammunition , thereby ensuring that the Indian Navy retains its standing as a force not to be trifled with , and remains at the forefront of anti - piracy operations , as a critical component of the international effort to curb piracy and ensure the safety and freedom of seaborne trade , even in this highly risk - prone area .

