13_10ecb.xml
The Wasilla Bible Church , the Alaskan church made famous as being the religious outpost for failed VP candidate and Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has caught fire . The `` suspicious '' fire devastated the church Friday night , and officials are considering arson among possibilities . A ladies craft group was in the building when the fire broke out , although no one was hurt . Palin released a statement after the fire and offered an apology to the assistant pastor `` if the incident is in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received since she became a vice presidential candidate . '' Burn baby , burn ? Estimated damage is in the vicinity of $ 1 million .

13_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . alaskapublic . org 2012 08 08 matanuska - maid - dairy - building - was - uninsured Matanuska Maid Dairy Building Was Uninsured August 8 , 2012 - 4 : 43 pm The fire that destroyed the original Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse in Palmer on Tuesday took a piece of Alaska ’ s history . The building dates to 1935 , when the original Matanuska Valley colonists settled in Alaska , and has been on the Alaska Association For Historic Preservation ’ s list of endangered historic properties for several years . Judi Bittner , the state ’ s historic preservation official , says the destruction of the building represents a big loss to the state ’ s history and to the people of Palmer . The property was in private ownership by Anchorage attorney William Ingaldson . Palmer Public Safety Director Jon Owen said Tuesday that the city had not purchased the property , although there were plans to do so . “ The building was uninsured , ” Owen said . The Anchorage Daily News reports the value of the building at $380 , 600 . The cause of the fire has not been determined .

13_11ecb.xml
Authorities are now saying they suspect arson is to blame for Friday night 's fire at Wasilla Bible Church , where Gov. Sarah Palin and her family attend . It 's a sad day when the hate , anger and vengeful actions of a few overshadow our people here in Alaska . We do n't know if the fire is the result of radicals angry with Palin , but we do know our governor has not been treated fairly . For months I have been reading the lies about our first family of Alaska . I had to endure watching on TV an appalling effigy of Gov. Palin , part of a Halloween display in a yard in Southern California . The governor of California did nothing , the mayor did nothing , and the neighbors thought it was `` cool . '' This effigy was a likeness of a woman swinging by a noose in someone 's yard ! Where was the outrage ? Then there are those who have blasted the governor for her daughter 's pregnancy . Both have been brutally criticized , belittled and shamed . Children will do what they want as teenagers ; we parents try our best to instill good morals and values . Palin 's daughter 's upbringing has nothing to do with who our governor is or what she believes . I was appalled to hear comments like , `` Well , she put herself in the limelight , so she deserved what she got . '' There have also been those who have asked if the governor is really Trig 's mom ? Where has the fair and balanced reporting been on that `` story '' ? It is one thing to disagree with Sarah Palin 's views or beliefs , but to tear her and her family apart to make you feel more superior , to make you feel good about your hatred , anger and lack of Christianity , that is appalling . I do hope Palin 's church was not torched because of her beliefs . She and her family have never done anything to warrant the outlandish actions from her insensitive critics .

13_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . frontiersman . com news historic - mat - maid - warehouse - burns article _ e84396ea - e0b6 - 11e1 - a449 - 0019bb2963f4 . html ? mode=image&photo= Historic Mat Maid warehouse burns Mat Maid mop up Remains of the Mat Maid warehouse smolder Tuesday morning in Palmer . The fire was reported at 3 : 33 a . m . and is under investigation by the Palmer Police and the State Fire Marshal .

13_12ecb.xml
A church was devastated by fire , which was attended by Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin on Friday night in her hometown of Wasilla . According to the church 's minister , `` We have no idea what caused it '' . Still , it was not specified that how many people were in the building at the time of the blaze . The metal church building , which normally accommodates Sunday congregations of up to 1,000 people , was heavily damaged by flames and smoke . The church services would be held on schedule Sunday in a nearby school .

13_12ecbplus.xml
http : the - palmerpost . blogspot . nl 2012 08 farewell - mat - maid . html Tuesday , August 7 , 2012 Farewell to another piece of Mat Maid fast - moving fire destroyed the historic Matanuska Maid warehouse early this morning . The building was long vacant . No injuries were reported . Firefighters arriving on scene could see the building was likely a total loss , so they focused on a bigger problem : making sure the blaze didn't reach the nearby , petroleum - loaded Crowley Maritime tank farm . The first 9 - 1 - 1 call came at 3 : 33 a . m . from someone at Valley Hotel , Palmer public safety director Jon Owen said this morning . A total of 31 separate pieces of firefighting apparatus responded to the blaze , including three ladder trucks . Engines came from Palmer Fire Department and Mat - Su Central Fire Department , where responders mustered to an "all - call" from emergency dispatchers . Palmer Fire Chief John McNutt was the first person to get to the fire . McNutt drove around the 9 - acre Mat Maid complex and spotted flames shooting out from below the eaves . Within minutes , the roof was engulfed , Owen said . Crews operating under a "surround and drown" strategy suppressed the fire . But their goal wasn't saving the old warehouse building , built in the 1930s , Owen said . Their focus instead was preventing "the conflagration" sure to follow if the fire reached the adjacent Crowley Maritime Corp . fuel sales office next door , where all the petroleum products on site would pose a tremendous problem should they ignite , he said . The Palmer tank farm holds 100 , 000 gallons of petroleum products and serves as a distribution center for Anchorage , Palmer , Wasilla , and all the Matanuska Valley , according to Crowley's Web site . The fire was knocked down by 6 : 40 a . m . The warehouse used to be used for produce sold out of one end . Rindi remembers walking through it with owner Bill Ingaldson a few years back ; during the visit , she picked up an old potato sack decorated with the Matanuska Maid in her skating costume . Palmerites may remember that former city manager Bill Allen hoped to put a convention center on the property . This is the second destructive fire at the Mat Maid complex . A wind - whipped arson fire set by three teenagers destroyed the hardware store in February , 2003 . Investigators were at the scene by 10 a . m . or so trying to determine the cause of the fire ; finding the ignition source is key when there's no obvious heat source like a boiler , Owen said . Anything suspicious will be followed up . The investigation is being conducted by John Bond , an inspector with the Alaska State Fire Marshal's Office , and Palmer police Sgt . Shayne La Croix . Anyone with information about this morning's fire is asked to call Sgt . La Croix at 745 - 4811 .

13_13ecb.xml
The Wasilla Bible Church in Wasilla , Alaska was apparently attacked by an arsonist last night . The fire , which broke out when several people were inside the church , did an estimated $ 1 million damage . Authorities described the fire as `` suspicious and as potential arson . '' The Bible Church 's head minister said , `` Someone intentionally did it , but we do n't know who and why . '' He declined to say whether the church has received threats . Governor Palin stopped by the church this morning and `` told an assistant pastor that she apologizes if the incident is in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received since she became a vice presidential candidate . '' Given the insane hatred that Democrats directed toward Palin during the recent campaign , it would be easy to jump to the conclusion that the arson is the work of a liberal Democrat . But we do n't know that for sure . There are many possible motives , and arsonists do n't necessarily need what would normally be regarded as a motive . It would be a good thing for the country if this particular crime does not turn out to be politically motivated .

13_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . alaskajournal . com Alaska - Journal - of - Commerce August - Issue - 1 - 2012 Historic - dairy - building - destroyed - by - fire Historic dairy building destroyed by fire Published : 2012 . 08 . 08 09 : 01 AM A fire on Tuesday destroyed Palmer's historic Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse building , which was built in the 1930s when colonists arrived from the Midwest to try their hand at farming in Alaska . Jon Owen , the city's public safety director , said a call came in from the Valley Hotel at 3 : 33 a . m . from someone who saw the vacant building across town on fire . By the time fire crews arrived , flames could be seen coming out from under the eaves all the way around the building . In the next minute or two , the entire roof was in flames , Owen said . Firefighters worked quickly to contain the blaze . More than two dozen pieces of firefighting equipment were brought to the scene , including some that were placed between the warehouse building and a petroleum distribution company next door , Owen said . About 5 , 000 gallons of water a minute was poured on the fire . It took about three hours to knock the fire down , but the building was destroyed , he said . The warehouse building , one of the oldest in Palmer , had been vacant for years and was boarded up , Palmer City Clerk Janette Bower told The Associated Press . "It is very , very sad , " Bower said . The building was constructed in 1935 , predating statehood by more than 20 years . "That is really old for Alaska standards , " Bower said . The city was negotiating to purchase the property , along with at least a half - dozen others that once were part of the Matanuska Maid Dairy operation . Voters in 2009 approved a $3 million bond to buy the properties , Bower said . But the negotiations were ongoing . Palmer does not own the properties , Bower said . While the city hadn't settled on a plan for the Mat Maid properties , some ideas had been bounced around , she said , including turning the properties into a new city hall complex , or using them for a museum or theater arts building . Bower said the colonists settled in the Palmer area under the New Deal to spur economic development during the Great Depression . The idea was to see if there were agricultural opportunities to be had in Alaska , Bower said . More than 200 families , mostly from Wisconsin and Minnesota , were brought to Alaska under the Matanuska Colony project . Bower said the warehouse building was one of the first structures to be built . The Mat Maid dairy started at that time as a dairy cooperative . It was taken over by the state in the mid - 1980s after its private owner went bankrupt . The money - losing operation was subsidized by the state and shut down for good in December 2007 . It appeared for a time that the valley's tradition of dairy farming also would be lost but it was revived in 2008 under a private operation called the Matanuska Creamery , which is successfully filling a niche market for fresh milk and cheese produced entirely by Alaska farmers .

13_14ecb.xml
Wasilla Bible Church , the home church of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and her family , received an estimated $ 1 million in damage from a fire that was deliberately set Friday night . No one was injured , but several people , including two children , were inside the church when the blaze started . Palin spokesman Bill McAllister said that Palin told an assistant pastor she was sorry if the fire was related to the `` undeserved negative attention '' the church had received since she became the Republican vice presidential candidate earlier this year . `` Whatever the motives of the arsonist , the governor has faith in the scriptural passage that what was intended for evil will in some way be used for good , '' McAllister added .

13_14ecbplus.xml
http : theimmoralminority . blogspot . nl 2013 08 palin - appointee - under - federal . html Saturday , August 24 , 2013 Palin appointee under federal indictment . Methinks somebody's milk just went sour . Courtesy of ADN : A 57 - year - old Wasilla woman has been indicted by a federal grand jury on charges she defrauded the state of Alaska and lied to the U . S . Department of Agriculture during the operation of the now - defunct Matanuska Creamery . The indictment also charges Valley Dairy CEO and investor Karen B . Olson with concealing the alleged criminal conduct of the former dairy manager , Kyle Beus . A grand jury in December indicted Beus on charges he misused federal grant money , and he awaits trial . The charges against Olson allege she fraudulently obtained a $430 , 000 state agriculture department loan to keep the Valley Dairy afloat by concealing its finances . The indictment also said she submitted false documents to convince the USDA in 2008 to waive its prohibition on using dairy and ice cream - making equipment at Valley Dairy as collateral on state loans . The equipment was purchased in 2007 using federal grants that didn ’ t allow the equipment to be sold or encumbered without special authorization from the USDA . Alaska Dispatch has more here : By the mid - 1980s , Mat Maid was faltering , and a state - run corporation took over management . It struggled until Sarah Palin became Alaska's governor . She arrived on the scene shortly before the state Board of Agriculture and Conservation , which had watched the dairy bleed cash for years , voted to deny it further loans . With that move threatening to kill the dairy , Palin fired the board and appointed another , which voted to give the dairy more money . That went on until the new board realized , as did the old board , the dairy just couldn't compete in the real world of modern - day Alaska with cheaper milk shipped in from the Lower 48 . Enter Beus , then a Valley dairy farmer , and Bob Havemeister , another dairy farmer . They formed a joint venture to take over the equipment and operations of Mat Maid in an effort to keep it alive . Beus was the one who eventually ended up with most of the equipment and set up a company called Klondike Creamery and Candy , which briefly marketed ice cream in Alaska . It was not long , however , before it was rolled into Valley Dairy - - a joint effort of Beus , Robert Wells and Olson . Olson was the former Alaska state executive director of the U . S . Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency , a job she held from 1993 to 2001 . Olson has insisted in a number of interviews with Alaska Dispatch that the only interest she ever had was trying to keep the dairy business alive in Alaska . After she joined Beus at Valley Dairy , the company began efforts to tap a $5 - million pool of USDA money set aside for rural development . Beus was indicted last year on charges he took at least $120 , 000 of that money for his own "personal and discretionary use . " Where and when Olson learned of his alleged activities is not explained in the indictment against her , but it says she devised a scheme "to conceal the true nature of the Valley Dairy finances and the fraudulent activity of Beus , and to obtain a loan from the ARLF ( Alaska Revolving Loan Fund ) to keep the Valley Dairy , of which Olson was an investor and employee , operating . " As many of you undoubtedly know there was a rather suspicious fire that burned the old Matanuska Maid Creamery to the ground . ( I know , right ? ) If you are new to this particular Palin scandal there is no better place to catch up then over at Andrew Halcro's now defunct blog . Now some are suggesting that THIS might finally be the straw that snaps the back of Palin's uncanny ability to avoid incarceration . However I would not count my eggs TOO quickly , because while it seems that Olsen has every reason to reduce her sentence by ratting out her old boss , Palin has somehow slipped through the grasping fingers of the Feds a few times before . So let's stay tuned and see how this plays itself out .

13_15ecb.xml
Sarah Palin 's home church has had a million dollars damage done to it as it was set alight by suspected arsonists . No one was injured when the blaze hit the Wasilla Bible Church . Palin has apologised if it was connected with her campaign due to `` undeserved negative attention '' . The fire chief has said an investigation is underway noting that there had n't been any recent threats to the church . Authorities are unsure if there is a relevant connection between the fire and Sarah Palin 's campaign .

13_16ecb.xml
Palin 's Church Damaged In Suspicious Fire Authorities estimate the damages to the Wasilla Bible Church at $ 1 million . No one was injured in the fire last night , which was intentionally set while people , including two children , were inside . The local fire chief says the fire `` is definitely suspicious . '' Pastor Larry Kroon declined to say if the blaze was politically based or directed at Palin , the failed Republican vice presidential candidate . He also declined to say whether the church has received any recent threats . Palin stopped by the church this morning . Her spokesman , Bill McAllister , says Palin told an assistant pastor she apologizes if the fire was connected to the `` undeserved negative attention '' the church has received since she became the vice presidential candidate on Aug. 29 .

13_17ecb.xml
Alaska Gov. sarah palin 's home church has been badly damaged in an arson fire . Damages to the Wasilla Bible Church are estimated at $ 1 million . The fire chief says the fire `` is definitely suspicious . '' No one was hurt .

13_18ecb.xml
Sarah Palin 's family will have to attend church in a local school this morning after a fire ripped through her church on Friday evening . The fire , estimated to have caused $ 1 million in damages to the Wasilla Bible Church , has been labeled `` suspicious '' by James Steele , chief of the Central Mat-Su Fire Department . Steele told the Anchorage Daily News that investigators are looking at the cause of the blaze as `` potential arson '' and said it was too early to link the fire to the exposure the church received as a result of Palin 's vice-presidential run . `` Right now there 's no indication that we have that there 's any connection there . We just do n't have any leads at all as far as the intent or motive in this , '' Steele said . The fire , the largest of the year for the department , `` was was set at the entrance of the church '' according to the Associated Press and was battled by firefighters for nearly eight hours before it was fully extinguished . Reports are that five women were inside the building at the time of the fire . No one was injured . Governor Palin visited the church on Saturday and her office later released a statement . `` Gov. Palin stopped by the church this morning , and she told an assistant pastor that she apologizes if the incident is in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received since she became a vice-presidential candidate on Aug. 29 . Whatever the motives of the arsonist , the governor has faith in the scriptural passage that what was intended for evil will in some way be used for good . '' Palin is in Juneau today , but the Anchorage Daily News said her children were planning on attending services at the makeshift church .

13_19ecb.xml
An overnight fire Friday at Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's home church caused an estimated $ 1 million in damage , and investigators say it could be the work of an arsonist . Firefighters were called to Wasilla Bible Church in Wasilla , Alaska , about 9:40 p.m. Friday and found flames and smoke coming out windows at the back of the three-story structure , said James Steele , chief of the Central Mat-Su Fire Department .

13_1ecb.xml
An arsonist has badly damaged the church attended by the Governor of Alaska , Sarah Palin , and she has apologised if the fire was connected to `` undeserved negative attention '' from her failed campaign as the Republican vice-presidential nominee . No one was hurt in the fire on Friday night although a handful of people , including two children , were inside the Wasilla Bible Church , said the Central Mat-Su fire chief , James Steele . Ms Palin visited the church on Saturday . Her spokesman , Bill McAllister , said , `` Whatever the motives of the arsonist , the Governor has faith in the scriptural passage that what was intended for evil will in some way be used for good . '' Mr Steele said the blaze was being treated as arson , but he did not know of any threats to the church . Authorities also did not know whether Mrs Palin 's connection to the church was relevant to the fire . `` It 's hard to say at this point . Everything is just speculation , '' he said . `` We have no information on intent or motive . '' Damage to the church was estimated at $ US1 million ( $ 1.52 million ) , authorities said . Mr Steele said the fire was lit at the entrance and moved inward as a small group of women were working on crafts . A fire alarm alerted them to the fire . Firefighters fought the blaze in temperatures of minus 17 degrees . The pastor , Larry Kroon , declined to say whether the church had received any recent threats . `` There are so many variables , '' he said . `` I do n't want to comment in that direction . '' The 1000-member evangelical church was the subject of scrutiny after Mrs Palin was named John McCain 's Republican Party running mate . Early in her campaign , the church was criticised for promoting a Focus on the Family `` Love Won Out Conference '' in Anchorage . It promised to `` help men and women dissatisfied with living homosexually understand that same-sex attractions can be overcome '' . Wasilla , Mrs Palin 's home town , is 64 kilometres north of Anchorage .

13_20ecb.xml
Authorities suspect arson is the cause of a fire that caused an estimated $ 1 million in damage to Gov. Sarah Palin 's church , reports this morning 's Anchorage Daily News . Firefighters were called to Wasilla Bible Church about 9:40 p.m. and found flames and smoke coming out windows at the back of the three-story structure , said James Steele , chief of the Central Mat-Su Fire Department . Five women , and possibly a couple of children , were inside the church working on crafts , but everyone got out safely after a fire alarm alerted them to trouble , Steele said . It was the biggest fire the department has seen this year , and Steele said as many as 35 to 40 volunteer firefighters came from across the region to battle the blaze .

13_21ecb.xml
A fire that caused more than $ 1 million in damage to Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin 's church in Wasilla , Alaska , may have been set by an arsonist , investigators say . Flames and smoke were coming from the Wasilla Bible Church Friday evening when as many as 30 to 40 volunteer firefighters arrived at the three-story structure , and officials said Saturday they were treating the fire as a possible arson , the Anchorage Daily News reported Sunday . `` We are definitely treating it as suspicious and as potential arson at this point , '' James Steele , chief of the Central Mat-Su Fire Department , told the newspaper , adding nothing so far suggests any political motivation for the fire . `` Right now there 's no indication that we have that there 's any connection there , '' he said . `` We just do n't have any leads at all as far as the intent or motive in this . '' `` We have no idea what caused it , '' the Rev. Larry Kroon of the Wasilla Bible Church told CNN . Palin apologized to church 's assistant pastor Saturday if the fire was connected to her Republican U.S. vice-presidential candidacy , a statement from her office said .

13_22ecb.xml
Arson is suspected in the burning of the church former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin attends . She visited the church after the fire to apologize for any tie in with her recent national political exposure . A ladies ' crafts group was meeting in the church at the time of the fire . `` We have no idea what caused it , '' the Rev. Larry Kroon of the Wasilla Bible Church said Saturday , adding that investigators were considering arson and other possible causes . Damage to the Wasilla Bible Church was estimated at $ 1 million , authorities said Saturday . No one was injured in the fire , which was presumably set Friday night while a handful of people , including two children , were inside , according to Fire Chief James Steele .

13_2ecb.xml
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , her husband Todd and up to 1,000 fellow parishioners will worship in a local school this morning after a suspicious fire virtually destroyed the Wasilla Bible Church early Saturday . The Rev. Larry Kroon said some parishioners were in the church on Nicola Avenue at the time the fire was noticed but no one was injured . Firefighters baAlaska Republican governor and GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin whose church was burned Saturday by suspected arsonttled for about eight hours in minus-20 degree temperatures to completely extinguish the blaze that began at the front door . The former Republican vice presidential candidate went to the church Saturday to apologize to pastors in case the estimated $ 1 million fire damages , suspected as arson , were `` in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received '' since the governor 's involvement with John McCain 's presidential campaign . The 30-year-old congregation in Wasilla , about 40 miles north of Anchorage , had moved into its new church just 30 months ago . Church officials said they expect to hold services at the Wasilla Middle School for the foreseeable future during repairs .

13_3ecb.xml
A `` suspicious '' fire devastated the church attended by Alaska Gov. and former vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin on Friday night in her hometown of Wasilla , the church 's minister said . Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin reportedly apologized for the possibility the fire was related to her nomination . `` We have no idea what caused it , '' the Rev . Larry Kroon of the Wasilla Bible Church said Saturday , adding that investigators were considering arson and other possible causes . A ladies ' craft group was in the building when the fire broke out , but they got out safely , Kroon said . `` No one was hurt , '' he said . Central Mat-Su Fire Department Chief James Steele said the department was `` treating it as suspicious and as potential arson at this point '' but did not elaborate , The Anchorage Daily News reported . The newspaper said Palin released a statement after the fire in which she said she stopped by the church Saturday morning and offered an apology to the assistant pastor `` if the incident is in any way connected to the undeserved negative attention the church has received since she became a vice presidential candidate . '' Steele said that as many as 40 firefighters from his and neighboring departments fought the blaze , which started about 9:40 p.m. Friday ( 1:40 a.m. ET Saturday ) . Firefighters were on the scene dealing with hot spots until about 5 a.m. Saturday , the Anchorage Daily News reported . The metal church building , which normally accommodates Sunday congregations of up to 1,000 people , was heavily damaged by flames and smoke , Kroon said . `` The fire investigators and insurance people are there now . There 's definitely a lot of damage . I 've heard the figure of $ 1 million , but I do n't know for sure , '' he said . Kroon said he was not at the church when the fire broke out and would not discuss what any of the church members who were there had reported to him . He would not specify how many people were in the building at the time of the blaze . `` They were all adults , and they all got out . We 're trying not to talk about specifics while investigators are still working on finding out what happened . '' Kroon said the nondenominational church , which he described as `` just a local community church , '' is about 30 years old and the church building itself is about 2 years old . The pastor said church services would be held on schedule Sunday in a nearby school .

13_4ecb.xml
Gov. Sarah Palin 's home church was badly damaged by arson , leading Ms. Palin to apologize if the fire was connected to `undeserved negative attention ' the church received during her campaign as the Republican vice-presidential nominee . Damage to the Wasilla Bible Church was estimated at $ 1 million , authorities said Saturday . No one was injured in the fire , which was set Friday night while a handful of people , including two children , were inside , according to the Central Mat-Su fire chief , James Steele . Chief Steele said that the blaze was being investigated as an arson but that he did not know of any recent threats to the church . The authorities also did not know whether Ms. Palin 's connection to the church was relevant to the fire , he said . Chief Steele would not comment on the means used to set the fire . The church 's pastor , Larry Kroon , declined to say whether the church had received any recent threats . Ms. Palin , who was not at the church at the time of the fire , stopped by Saturday . Her spokesman , Bill McAllister , said in a statement that the Alaska governor told an assistant pastor she was sorry if the fire was connected to her candidacy . `` Whatever the motives of the arsonist , '' Mr. McAllister said , `` the governor has faith in the scriptural passage that what was intended for evil will in some way be used for good . '' The 1,000-member evangelical church was the subject of intense scrutiny after Ms. Palin was named Senator John McCain 's running mate . Early in her campaign , the church was criticized for promoting in a Sunday bulletin a Focus on the Family `` Love Won Out Conference '' in Anchorage . The conference promised to `` help men and women dissatisfied with living homosexually understand that same-sex attractions can be overcome . '' The fire was set at the entrance of the church and moved inward as a small group of women were working on crafts , Chief Steele said . The group was alerted to the fire by an alarm . Outside temperatures were minus 20 as firefighters battled the blaze .

13_4ecbplus.xml
http : malialitman . wordpress . com 2012 11 20 arson - in - alaska - a - palin - pattern Arson in Alaska–A Palin “ Pattern ” ? November 20 , 2012 There is an old saying that “ Once is chance ; Twice is Coincidence ; the Third Time is a Pattern . It was probably “ chance ” when the Wasilla Bible Church was burned , and arson was suspected . It was determined that an acelerant was placed around the perimeter of the church . No arrests were made in that fire . The interesting part of that blaze reported that it didn ’ t harm the larger areas of the church where worship services were held . Instead it was , according to Sarah Palin , the offices where church records were stored , that was destroyed . If there were church records that would reveal something Sarah Palin didn ’ t want uncovered , the destruction of those records by fire would solve that problem . When arson was suspected in the burning of the house of Dar Miller it was probably just coincidence . It was probably just coincidence that Sarah Palin is not supportive of people who are homosexual , and it appears Dar was lesbian , and lived with her “ partner . ” Of course it was not coincidence that Dar Miller was in her home when the fire broke out and was burned so badly she died the next day . It was not coincidence that her dogs died in the fire as they lived with her . It was unusual that the dogs died at the foot of her bed , instead of by the door , trying to get out of the house . It was probably just coincidence that Dar Miller had previously worked at the Mat - Su Regional Hospital as a neo - natal nurse , which is the same hospital where Trig was purportedly born . The curious thing is that there was never an arrest made in that fire either . The suggesting was that Dar Miller had probably been smoking in bed and caught herself and the bed on fire . Who made that suggestion ? Did they know that Dar didn ’ t smoke ? ( according to ottoline commenting in this blog ) . The fire that burned so hot that it “ charred beams and melted pictures on the wall ” doesn ’ t sound like a fire caused by a cigarette in bed . The troubling “ pattern ” emerges as there is report of yet another fire in the small community of Palmer Alaska . This time the fire occurred at the Matanuska Maid Creamery . You remember . that dairy was the subject of a thorough investigation by Andrew Halcro . Andrew ’ s suggestion was that Sarah Palin had fraudulently diverted large sums of money to friends and high school buddies . Within a week of the dissolution of the last entity to run the Matanuska Maid Creamery , its building burned to the ground . Arson is likely , given the fact that the building was without electrical or gas connections and the fire broke out at 3 : 30 AM . All three fires appear to be the result of arson . All three fires occurred in or around the small town of Alaska where Sarah Palin lives . All three fires may have conferred some benefit on Sarah Palin . When the church fire destroyed church records , I suspected foul play , but knew that it was probably just chance . When Dar Miller ’ s home was burned and she was killed by the blaze , I suspected foul play , but knew that it could be merely coincidence . Now that the Dairy has burned , and foul play seems clear , there is an unmistakable pattern . Given the fact that none of these crimes has been “ solved , ” a pattern is emerging . I wonder how long it will be before the Anchorage Police Department will issue a press release stating that there is not one scintilla of evidence connecting any of the members of the Palin family with these cases of arson ?

13_5ecb.xml
Gov. Sarah Palin 's home church has been badly damaged in a suspicious fire . Larry Kroon , pastor of the Wasilla Bible Church , estimates damages at more than $ 1 million to the church . Kroon declined to say if the blaze was politically based or directed at Palin , the failed Republican vice presidential candidate . Kroon says the fire broke out Friday night while a small group of women were working on crafts . They were alerted to the blaze by a fire alarm . Kroon says he was called and by the time he got to the church , smoke was pouring out of the building . Sprinklers kept the fire from spreading beyond offices and classrooms . Authorities are not immediately commenting , but Kroon says he 's been told the fire is being investigated as a crime .

13_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . alaskadispatch . com article arson - suspected - fire - destroyed - alaskas - mat - maid - dairy Arson suspected in fire that destroyed Alaska's Mat - Maid dairy August 7 , 2012 Only about a week after Alaska officials formally moved to dissolve the last entity to run the historic Matanuska Maid Creamery , the historic structure which once housed part of that historic business burned to the ground in Palmer . Arson is suspected . "You can't call it arson yet , " Palmer public safety director Jon Owen said , but the fact that the 86 - year - old structure was without electrical or gas connections makes the 3 : 30 a . m . fire highly suspicious . "There was no lightning strike , " Owen said . It was a pretty morning in Palmer when a visitor to the Valley Hotel walked out at 3 : 33 a . m . and spied the deserted building nearby in flames . By the time local police arrived to investigate , Owen said , there was no hope of saving the structure , and the firemen who arrived soon thereafter focused their efforts on keeping flames from spreading to a nearby fuel storage facility . A good portion of the fire - fighting equipment in the Matanuska Valley was called to help , more than two dozen units . At one time , Owen said , firefighters were pouring 5 , 000 gallons of water per minute onto the blaze as history burned . Designated as national historic landmarks , the Mat Maid buildings dated back to the mid 1930's during President Franklin D . Roosevelt's "New Deal" efforts to wrench the country out of The Great Depression . They were built shortly after the Matanuska Colony was established by the Roosevelt administration to relocate struggling Americans and give them a new start in the Last Frontier . A farmer's cooperative at first , Mat Maid became a state - run business that eventually died despite the best efforts of former Gov . Sarah Palin to keep it alive . Now a conservative icon , Palin was anything but in 2007 when "The Creamery Corporation , " an arm of the Alaska Board of Agriculture and Conservation , voted to close down a financially struggling Mat Maid . Palin responded by firing the board . She then replaced board members with her cronies . They pumped another $600 , 000 in state money into Mat Maid , but it didn't help . "In July alone , they lost $300 , 000 , " said Anchorage businessman and blogger Andrew Halcro , a sometimes critic of Palin . By the end of 2007 , it was obvious even to the Palin administration that Mat Maid couldn't survive , and the state was forced to shut it down although "The Creamery Corporation" survived . It is only now going out of business . "Dissolution of the corporation has taken four years , " Robert McFarlane , an assistant state attorney general said Tuesday . In the interim , a new creamery grew up in the Matanuska - Susitna Valley to take the place of Mat Maid . However , Valley Dairy Inc . , seems to have many of the same problems that beset its predecessor . Creamery lacks the cheddar At the start of the month , Valley Dairy Inc . , which does business as the Matanuska Creamery , told the Agriculture Board it was going to stop making payments on its hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt to the state's Agriculture Revolving Loan Fund ( ARLF ) . "We will be making no further payment on our ARLF notes until we have been able to move to a suitable location and secure a minimum raw milk supply , " Karen Olson , president and CEO of Valley Dairy , notified the panel on Aug . 1 . "All our attempts to deal with our ARLF loans have only resulted in a moment's reprieve following by further threats . " A copy of the letter has been obtained by Dispatch . In it , Olson blames the state for Alaska's dairy problems . "There are some who would say that Matanuska Creamery has been a victim of its own idealism and commitment to keeping the dairy industry alive , " she wrote , "and they would be correct . But had we ignored our commitment back in 2007 and since , there would be no dairy industry . " The problems specific to the Matanuska Creamery date to the two - year reign of Sarah Palin , but the problems for the dairy industry in Alaska go back way before her administration . They are rooted in state - sponsored efforts to create an industry instead of letting markets work . Going heavy on milk futures Mat Maid did fine "for 23 years without one single dime from the state , " Halcro said . That changed at the start of the 1980s when the state tried to supercharge farming across Cook Inlet from Anchorage by creating the Point MacKenzie dairy project . Mat Maid , a farmer's cooperative begun in 1936 , tried to help . It borrowed $2 million dollars from the Agriculture Fund to expand its facilities to handle all the milk that was supposed to come from the farms . When the farmers faltered , Mat Maid was left short of milk . Without enough milk to sell - - either as milk or cream or yogurt or cheese - - Mat Maid couldn't generate enough profit to service its debt . In 1983 , it was forced to file for bankruptcy . The state stepped in to run the company to protect its debt . Two years later , the cooperative signed over to the Loan Fund its property and assets to settle a $5 . 3 million debt . Three years after that , the state established The Creamery Corporation as an arm of the Loan Fund to run Mat Maid . It struggled along for almost a decade . "The Creamery Corporation has operated without financial assistance from the ARLF since 1988 and continue to provide a return on investment thorough increased equity value , " argued a "White Paper" produced for the Alaska Department of Natural Resources in 2006 . Mat Maid was then valued at $5 million , down from a peak value of $5 . 3 million but above the 2002 value of $4 . 9 million . The white paper noted efforts to privatize the operation in 1986 and again in 1990 had failed . There were no bids . The state was more successful in getting rid of the historic creamery buildings in Palmer although that , too , was a struggle . They were leased with an option to buy in 1996 , but that deal fell through . A restoration company called Heritage Properties picked the buildings up in 1997 , and in 2001 announced plans to convert them into offices and stores , or apartments , while maintaining their historic façades . That idea , too , fell through , and the property was finally sold at bid . It was purchased by Anchorage attorney Bill Ingaldson . He was not returning calls on Tuesday . Ingaldson , as well as the state Division of Agriculture and other property owners , have been in negotiations with the city of Palmer on the sale of what is called the old "Matanuska Maid block . " It is an area of about 8 . 7 acres near downtown Palmer that included , until Tuesday , the old creamery , an historic hatchery , a cinderblock power house , a residency , a building housing the offices of the Palmer Arts Council , and Crowley Petroleum Distributors , which maintains the fuel storage facility . Palmer voters in 2010 approved a $3 million bond to pay for purchase of the property . There were hopes of restoring the buildings as a tourist attraction . It could have detailed the successes and failures of those sorts of collective efforts sometimes attacked by Palin . Mat Maid the co - op was a profitable business that once produced and sold about half the milk in Alaska . Mat Maid the state - owned corporation was a company that struggled from the start and sold a lot of milk produced in the Lower 48 . "In 2004 , 39 percent of the milk produced at Mat Maid was from Alaska producers , " the white paper said . The other 61 percent was shipped in from Outside to be packaged and sold as Alaska milk in an effort by Mat Maid to maintain market share in hopes the cows on the state - sponsored farms at Point MacKenzie would one day start producing . They never really did . Over time the MacKenzie properties began to shift into the hands of land speculators anticipating some far - future wealth if a bridge were ever built across Knik Arm to allow for creation of a new Anchorage bedroom community . 'Kind of a good question' "It's all kind of a long and complicated story going way back , " said Ed Fogels , the deputy commissioner of Natural Resources in charge of the Agriculture Division . He couldn't hazard a guess on how much money the state has lost on Mat Maid and associated agriculture projects over the years . "That's kind of a good question , " he said . Darcy Davies , an agriculture student at the University of Alaska Fairbanks , in 2007 authored a senior thesis calculating money spent on agriculture projects in the state . Davies wrote that "over $76 million ( in 2006 dollars ) was spent on the projects . Even more millions of dollars were spent on the ARLF loans to farmers . " "It is debatable , " she wrote , "whether those funds expended were worth the benefits created . " Davies examined not only Point MacKenzie and Mat Maid , but the Delta barley project and an effort to produce red meat in the Nenana area of the Interior . Her report notes that the Point Mac agriculture project got almost $10 million in direct appropriations . It is unclear how many millions more exactly were spent propping up Mat Maid . After the fire , and the pending dissolution of The Creamery Corporation , about all that will remain is the Mat Maid trademark , an ice - skating princess in a fur hat . "The state owns that , " said Fogels . As the most durable legacy of Mat Maid , the trademark could prove valuable , though Fogels wasn't sure how the state could use it . Maybe it could festoon the 100 , 000 pounds of Matanuska Creamery cheese the Valley Dairy put up to back one of its state loans .

13_6ecb.xml
Sarah Palin 's church in Wasilla , Alaska went up in flames this weekend . The fire started Friday night while a handful of people , including a women 's craft group and two children , were inside Wasilla Bible Church . No one was hurt . The blaze is being investigated as an arson . On Saturday , the Alaska Governor said she apologizes if the incident was in any way connected to `` undeserved negative attention '' brought on by her failed bid for the vice presidency of the United States . Authorities believe the fire was set at the entrance of the building and moved inward before setting off a fire alarm . Damage to the church is estimated at one-million dollars .

13_6ecbplus.xml
http : articles . ktuu . com 2012 - 08 - 07 fire - crews _ 33105272 Matanuska Maid Dairy Building Burns Down August 07 , 2012 The old Matanuska Maid dairy building in Palmer was nearly destroyed by a fire early Tuesday morning , according to Palmer officials . John Owen , the city's public safety director , says dispatchers got a call shortly after 3 : 30 a . m . Tuesday that the vacated building was on fire . Crews arrived to find flames completely engulfing the structure . Crews from both Palmer Fire and the Mat - Su Central Fire Department responded to the blaze , using at least two ladder trucks as well as "a number" of other apparatus . The fire was extinguished by 7 a . m . , after fire crews attacked it from all sides . Owen says the building will likely be a total loss . No one was believed to be inside the building , and the fire marshal had been called to investigate .

13_7ecb.xml
Providentially , nobody was injured , but an estimated one million dollars in damage was done to Wasilla Bible Church Friday night , in a fire that began while people , including children , were inside . Providentially , nobody was injured , but an estimated one million dollars in damage was done to Wasilla Bible Church Friday night , in a fire that began while people , including children , were inside . The fire is being investigated as a possible case of arson . This would not fit Bill Ayers ' definition of terrorism , since no one was killed . More like protest that just went a little too far in a matter of mere youthful excess . The Governor of Alaska has apologized if `` undeserved attention '' focused on Wasilla Bible Church caused haters to set a fire there . The American people were treated to far more media attention on Sarah Palin 's church than on Barack Obama 's involvement in corrupt Illinois politics . The congregants of Wasilla Bible Church have our deep sympathy . If this is arson , it is a monstrous crime . Can you imagine the media outcry if arson were suspected to have caused a million dollars worth of arson damage to Trinity United Church of Christ ?

13_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . ktva . com home outbound - xml - feeds Overnight - Fire - Destroys - Historic - Mat - Maid - Building - 165301256 . html Overnight Fire Destroys Historic Matanuska Maid Building No injuries reported Story Created : Aug 7 , 2012 at 9 : 56 AM AKDT ALASKA - Shortly after 3 : 30 Tuesday morning someone called 911 to and reported a fire at the Matanuska Maid building in downtown Palmer . Palmer Fire & Rescue , along with the Mat - Su Central Fire Department , responded . Palmer Fire & Rescue Chief John McNutt saw flames emerging from under the building's eaves when he arrived , and soon the entire roof was engulfed in flames . A total of 31 fire apparatus arrived to fight the fire , and it was extinguished by 6 : 40 a . m . The building is a total loss according to the City of Palmer . The state's Fire Marshal's office is assisting in the investigation of the cause of the fire , and anyone with knowledge of the fire is asked to call Palmer Police Sergeant Shayne La Croix at 907 - 745 - 4811 .

13_8ecb.xml
Sarah Palin actually apologized after the evangelical church she attends was nearly destroyed by arsonists -- all because she still harbors guilt over her failed VP run . Officials estimated the fire caused around $ 1 million in damage to the Wasilla Bible Church -- which Sarah hoped was n't in connection to the `` undeserved negative attention '' from her failed campaign , according to the Sun Times News Group . The police have no leads at this time -- and John McCain has not been named as a suspect .

13_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . adn . com 2012 08 07 2576122 unoccupied - palmer - dairy - warehouse . html Fire destroys historic Mat Maid dairy building in Palmer Published : August 7 , 2012 Warehouse was one of the last original buildings remaining from the Matanuska Colony The Matanuska Maid Block Building , one of the oldest buildings in Palmer , burned to the ground in a spectacular fire Tuesday morning . The wooden structure at 325 E . Dahlia Ave . was known as the "Old Mat Maid Warehouse . " It was built in 1935 , the same year that the first farm families arrived as part of the federal government's Matanuska Colony project . A 911 caller reported the fire at 3 : 33 a . m . Palmer Fire and Rescue Chief John McNutt arrived and saw fire under the eaves of the building . "Within one minute or two , the whole roof was ablaze , " said Palmer Public Safety Director Jon Owen . After a quick survey of the scene , Owen said , McNutt's main concern was keeping the fire from spreading to the heating oil stored next door at the Crowley fuel distribution center . The Mat - Su Central Fire Department joined Palmer firefighters with men and equipment . Photos show the entire two - story building seeming to go up in flames at once , with a ball of fire boiling into the air 20 feet above the roof . Owen said a total of 31 fire trucks , emergency vehicles and other equipment were eventually on scene . Three "aerials , " ladders with hoses , fought the fire from above , two of which were positioned between the fire and Crowley . At its height , 5 , 000 gallons of water were being poured onto the blaze every minute . "It was a testament to the Palmer water system , " Owen said . "We could have had a ( larger ) conflagration . " A Crowley employee was at the office within minutes , said terminal manager Jasper Hall , ready to move the fuel delivery trucks out of harm's way . The terminal mainly holds heating oil , he said . By 6 : 40 a . m . the fire was under control , Owen said . By noon , small clouds of smoke still rose from the pile of ash and a few charred upright timbers teetered over the ruin . The building , which the city of Palmer had valued at about $380 , 600 , was a total loss . Anchorage lawyer William Ingaldson , the building's owner , was there to inspect the damage . He said he had owned the property for six or seven years . He estimated the size of the structure at 12 , 000 square feet . "None of it was insured , " he said . "I'm assuming it's arson or vandalism . " There were no reports of injuries . The building was vacant and not in use at the time of the fire . The structure made the Alaska Association for Historic Preservation's list of 10 most endangered properties in the state for the past four years . It was also known as the Colony Project Warehouse because it was built as part of the federal Matanuska Colony Project during the New Deal era . Families were brought to Palmer and given land . They formed the Matanuska Valley Farmers Cooperating Association . The warehouse stored feed and other supplies for the farmers . The Matanuska Colony had a mixed record . Within five years , half of the settlers gave up and left . But dairy operations proved successful . At a time when shipment of food from the states could take a month , Valley producers supplied fresh milk to customers along the rail belt . The co - op became the Matanuska Maid corporation . In the 1950s , dairy operators fought a losing battle against the importation of reconstituted milk , which allowed powdered milk to be mixed with fresh milk and sold at a lower price . As transportation improved , it became cheaper to ship milk from the Lower 48 . The state's Point MacKenzie project , designed to rescue Alaska's dairy industry , turned out to be a colossal failure . Mat Maid filed for bankruptcy in November 1983 . The state took over and ran the business until economic pressures forced it to close in December 2007 . Even before then , Mat Maid assets were being put on the auction block or abandoned . The trading post , also built in 1935 , is beautifully restored and still open for business as Dahlia Street Market , on the other side of the street . But the Matanuska Maid creamery building , which stood between the street and the warehouse in the old days , was burned down by teenagers in 2003 . Grass and cottonwoods now cover the site . The long warehouse boasted a full - length porch and distinctive chevron pattern at the gable ends of the roof . It had its own railroad siding . Three cupolas drew light into the building . A recessed entry let workers unload wagons or trucks out of the wind . A historical marker reads , "These buildings were the heart and economic center of Palmer and the colony . " The old warehouse was weathered and battered on the outside , Ingaldson said . "But inside , there was all this beautiful timber . Clear , old - growth fir . Not a knot in it . Cedar tongue - and - groove floors . " The building still stored relics from its glory days , he said , canvas potato bags and containers for cheese products . Ingaldson said he had explored different options for developing the building , which was not being used at the time of the fire . Ideas included turning it into apartments , shops and offices for nonprofit groups or as part of a convention area . "There were lots of really good plans we had , " he said . "It was a historic building with lots of possibilities . You can't replace that . "It's devastating . " The State Fire Marshall's office is helping investigate the fire . Palmer police ask anyone with information about how the fire started to call Sgt . Shayne La Croix at 745 - 4811 .

13_9ecb.xml
The church Alaska Gov.Sarah Palin attends was badly damaged by fire Friday night , and investigators suspect arson . Palin , who was also the Republican vice presidential candidate , apologized if the fire was in any way connected to the attention the church received during the campaign . The fire caused more than $ 1 million in damages , the Anchorage Daily News reported . Firefighters were called to the blaze at around 9:40 p.m . Friday night . The arrived to find smoke and flames coming out of the windows at the back of the three-story building . Five adult women and possibly two children were inside the church , but escaped unharmed , Central Mat-Su Fire Department Chief James Steele told reporters . It took about 40 volunteer firefighters to knock down the blaze , Steele said .

13_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . alaskapublic . org 2012 08 07 matanuska - maid - building - burns - down Matanuska Maid Building Burns Down August 7 , 2012 - 5 : 46 pm Alaska lost part of its history on Tuesday , when a pre - dawn blaze demolished the old Matanuska Maid Dairy warehouse building in Palmer . The Matanuska Maid Dairy building was located on the nine acre site on which stand many structures dating back to Colony days . In the afternoon sun , only charred rubble remained “ And it ’ s , of course , as you can see , a total loss , ” Palmer Public Safety Director Jon Owen said at the site of the fire Tuesday . “ We have a light breeze , as you ’ ve noticed , has picked up . And the breeze has ignited a hot spot over there . We ’ re just making sure that the scene is safe . Our crews are going to be out here all day . ” Palmer firemen were hosing down hotspots on the rubble of the old Mat Maid building late Tuesday , after the early morning fire demolished the antique structure in Palmer ’ s historic district . Owen says the fire call came in at 3 : 30 a . m . “ The Palmer fire chief and the Palmer police arrived within a minute or two , ” Owen said . “ The fire chief drove around the perimeter of this nine acre city block and saw fire coming out from under the eaves of this building . ” “ Within a moment or two , the entire roof was engulfed in flame . ” Owen says Palmer and Mat Su Central fire departments responded with ladder trucks , to allow firefighters to attack the blaze from above . He says the firemen also had to protect nearby buildings . “ It ’ s called surround and drown , when you are fighting from the air , ” Owen said . “ And the big thing was we had to protect Crowley Petroleum , from the fire from spreading to the gas and the petroleum products that are stored at Crowley Petroleum , right next store here , because of the danger of an entire conflagration . ” State Fire Marshall John Bond surveyed the scene Tuesday afternoon to help determine the cause of the fire . Not much was left of the building except some charred wooden beams and metal remnants which had plunged into the building ’ s basement . The heat of the blaze was so intense it melted the paint off nearby cars . The old building was in private ownership . Last year , Palmer voters approved a bond measure allowing the city to purchase the historic district containing the Mat Maid building and several other wooden structures . Those plans have not been finalized yet . Owen says it will be about a month before a final determination as to the cause of the fires is known . Director Owen says no injuries have been reported in the blaze . He said there was no power or gas on in the building , nor was lightening a possible cause .

