14_10ecb.xml
A fire that ripped through a Waitrose store in Surrey is being treated as `` potentially suspicious '' , police said . More than 50 firefighters tackled the blaze which began on the roof of the supermarket in Banstead , and residents nearby were evacuated as a precaution . Police said : `` The fire progressed rapidly through the store which is almost totally destroyed . It is being treated as potentially suspicious '' .

14_10ecbplus.xml
http : localuknews . co . uk article major - fire - at - waitrose - in - wellington Major fire at Waitrose in Wellington July 21 , 2013 , 2 : 21 pm BST A LARGE fire broke out at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington town centre this morning ( July 21 ) .

14_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . wellington - today . co . uk news . cfm ? id=24877 Fire at Waitrose in Wellington Sunday , 21 July 2013 A FIRE has badly damaged the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington's High Street . Eight crews fought the blaze which broke out in the early hours of Sunday morning . It is not known how long the store will be closed .

14_1ecb.xml
Fire and police units are still at the scene of a fire which gutted a Waitrose supermarket in Surrey . More than 50 firefighters tackled the blaze at the store in High Street , Banstead , which broke out on the roof at about 2045 GMT on Friday . Sixty residents were moved from their homes , while premises nearby suffered smashed windows and smoke damage . No-one was injured in the fire , which is being treated by police as `` potentially suspicious '' . Roads in the area were closed until about 1630 GMT on Saturday . The alarm was raised after a CCTV operator noticed smoke coming from the roof . A statement from Waitrose said damage to the building had been extensive but the store would be rebuilt . Surrey Police said firefighters , along with two fire tenders , and police officers would remain at the scene until Monday .

14_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news uk - england - somerset - 23395104 21 July 2013 Last updated at 11 : 11 GMT Waitrose fire in Wellington town centre tackled Crews from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue have tackled a blaze at a supermarket in a Somerset town . The fire service was called at 06 : 00 BST to the Waitrose store in High Street , Wellington , on Sunday . Half the roof at the entrance of the building has collapsed but the main building is in intact with only smoke damage , fire crews said . Matt Goodman , from the fire service , said : "It would appear the fire started on the outside of the building . " "It then quickly spread to the roof so there is a significant amount of damage to the roof , but thankfully due to the early actions of the Wellington crew we could get a large weight of response to the scene . "We've been able to prevent it spreading to other areas of the building , so the main store on the inside has got a reasonably small amount of smoke damage . " Engineers were called to switch off the electricity supply to the building . A spokesman for Waitrose said : "Luckily no - one has been hurt and we are very grateful to the fire service and police for their prompt and professional help . " An investigation into the cause of the fire has begun .

14_2ecb.xml
A Waitrose store was reduced to ruins after a blaze being treated by police as `` potentially suspicious '' . More than 50 firefighters with 10 fire engines fought the blaze which virtually destroyed the store in Banstead , Surrey . It broke out in the roof at around 9pm on Friday , forcing a number of residents living nearby to be temporarily evacuated . A Surrey Police spokeswoman said : `` The fire has progressed rapidly through the store which is almost totally destroyed . It is being treated as potentially suspicious . '' Anyone with information is asked to call police on 0845 125 2222 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .

14_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news uk - england - somerset - 23419896 23 July 2013 Last updated at 13 : 42 GMT Waitrose Wellington fire : Man denies arson A man has denied arson following a fire at a Somerset supermarket early on Sunday . Robert Pitman , 24 , is accused of setting fire to the Waitrose store in Wellington shortly after 06 : 00 BST . Half of the entrance roof at the shop collapsed during the blaze . Mr Pitman , of High Street , Wellington , entered a not guilty plea at Taunton Deane Magistrates and was remanded in custody to appear before Taunton Crown Court on 19 August .

14_3ecb.xml
Police are treating a fire which has destroyed a Waitrose supermarket in Banstead in Surrey as `` potentially suspicious '' . More than 50 firefighters have been trying to control the fire which broke out in the roof of the building . Peter Guest , Assistant Chief Fire Officer at Surrey Fire and Rescue Service says the building is `` a total loss '' .

14_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news uk - england - somerset - 23411255 22 July 2013 Last updated at 17 : 50 GMT Man charged with arson over Waitrose fire in Wellington A man has been charged with arson after a fire at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington , Somerset . Robert Pitman , 24 , from the town is due to appear before Taunton Deane Magistrates' Court on Tuesday . Half of the roof at the entrance of the store in the High Street collapsed during the blaze , shortly after 06 : 00 BST on Sunday . No - one was injured in the fire . The main building remains closed .

14_4ecb.xml
A Waitrose supermarket in Surrey has been destroyed in a fire . People living near the store on High Street in Banstead were made to leave their homes , and surrounding roads were closed , police said . More than 50 firefighters tackled the blaze , which broke out on the roof of the supermarket at about 2045 GMT . Assistant chief fire officer Peter Guest described the building as a `` total loss '' . Police are treating the fire as `` potentially suspicious '' . `` The fire grew very rapidly and there was a large explosion and the fire then grew in intensity and scale to such a point that the building would be impossible to save , '' Mr Guest said . `` The crews have worked extremely hard ... to protect the surrounding buildings to ensure that this fire did n't spread further , but I 'm afraid the building here is a total loss . '' Mr Guest added that no-one had been injured in what was a serious incident . The alarm was raised after a CCTV operator noticed smoke coming from the roof . A Surrey Police spokeswoman said : `` The fire has progressed rapidly through the store which is almost totally destroyed . `` People are asked to avoid the High Street area if at all possible . '' An investigation is taking place into the cause of the fire , which was still burning and being tackled by firefighters on Saturday morning . A statement from Waitrose said damage to the building had been extensive but the store would be rebuilt . `` We have made available a distress fund for local residents and staff affected , and regret any inconvenience caused to them as well as the wider community and traders , '' it added .

14_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . itv . com news westcountry story 2013 - 07 - 21 wellington - supermarket - fire Wellington supermarket fire A large fire has destroyed much of a supermarket in Somerset . Crews were called to the Waitrose building on Wellington High Street just after 6am .

14_5ecb.xml
Ten fire engines were tackling the last of the blaze which began on the roof of the store in Banstead , Surrey , before 9 . Residents nearby were evacuated as a precaution . A Surrey Police spokeswoman said tonight : `` Surrey Police and Surrey Fire and Rescue are currently at the scene of a large fir e at a Waitrose Store in High Street , Banstead , which is being treated as potentially suspicious . '' `` Police were alerted to a fire on the roof at 8.49pm this evening . `` The fire has progressed rapidly through the store which is almost totally destroyed . `` Local road closures close to the high street have been put in place and residents living close to the fire are currently being evacuated . `` Around 10 fire service pumps are in attendance at the scene . No one is believed to be injured at this time . '' `` People are asked to avoid the high street area if at all possible . '' Anyone with information is asked to call police on 0845 125 2222 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111 .

14_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . itv . com news westcountry story 2013 - 07 - 21 wellington - supermarket - fire 9 : 53 AM , MON 22 JUL 2013 Latest on Waitrose supermarket fire The site manager at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington that has been damaged by fire , says it will take a couple of days to assess how much work needs to be done .

14_6ecb.xml
Residents evacuated from their homes after a huge fire at a Waitrose store in Banstead on Friday night have been allowed to return to their homes . Around 60 people spent the evening at a local day care centre after being evacuated from their homes near the supermarket in the High Street . They were initially sent to Banstead Baptist Church after the blaze broke out about 8.40pm . Police said they wanted to thank residents and local businesses for their patience and assistance during the evacuation . The alarm was raised after a CCTV operator noticed smoke coming from the roof of the store . High winds meant the fire spread rapidly through the Waitrose , which was almost totally destroyed . Other premises suffered some damage , such as smashed windows and smoke damage . The fire was still burning on Saturday morning . Investigators have since been sifting through the rubble to find the cause of the fire , which police have said they are treating as `` potentially suspicious . '' Many nearby roads were cordoned off and police said on Saturday they were likely to remain closed for some time . Anyone with any information about the fire is asked to contact Surrey Police on 0845 125 2222 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .

14_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . itv . com news westcountry story 2013 - 07 - 21 wellington - supermarket - fire 10 : 24 AM , MON 22 JUL 2013 Fire at Waitrose supermarket may have been arson Police are continuing to investigate a fire at a Waitrose supermarket in Wellington . Staff are today turning away customers . Shoppers have been arriving at the supermarket unaware of the fire at the weekend . Police say it may have been arson .

14_7ecb.xml
A HUGE fire has almost totally destroyed a Waitrose store in Banstead . Fire crews and police officers were called to the High Street premises shortly before 9pm on Friday after a CCTV operator noticed smoke coming from the building 's roof . The blaze , which is being treated by police as `` potentially suspicious '' , spread quickly through the store as the flames were fanned by high winds . Sixty local residents had to be evacuated from their homes , initially to a nearby church and later to a local day care centre , but they had all been allowed to return by Saturday evening . A police spokeswoman said other premises suffered smashed windows and smoke damage . Roads around the area , including Banstead High Street itself , were closed for some time , but the spokeswoman said they were all reopened by 4.30pm on Saturday . She added : `` The focus for today [ Saturday ] has been to maximise the safety of the public , minimise disruption to the community and return normality to the area . `` Surrey Police would particularly like to thank the local community and those local groups and individuals who 've worked alongside the emergency services to look after the welfare of personnel and members of the community affected . '' A statement from Waitrose said : `` Damage to the building is extensive , however it is too early to confirm the cause . No-one has been injured . `` The store will be rebuilt ... we will be in a position to understand how long that might take once the full extent of damage has been assessed . `` We have made available a distress fund for local residents and staff affected , and regret any inconvenience caused to them as well as the wider community and traders . '' Fire and police units were due to remain at the scene until at least Monday . Anyone with any information about the fire is asked to contact Surrey Police on 0845 125 2222 , or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 .

14_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . middevongazette . co . uk BREAKING - NEWS - Major - supermarket story - 19548736 - detail story . html Major fire at supermarket Sunday , July 21 , 2013 FIRE crews from Tiverton and Cullompton were this morning called in to help fight a major blaze at the Waitrose supermarket in Wellington . The fire has destroyed a large section of the store and fire crews and investigators are still on the scene . Two engines were sent to the store after several members of the public called emergency services at 6am . When they arrived they called in an additional six engines , an aerial platform and an incident command vehicle . A corner of the building measuring 50m by 50m containing food was well alight . By 6 . 30am the fire had been contained using water and foam and police had been called . Half an hour later a second aerial platform was called in . and hydrants were being used for extra water . Police advised local residents to shut all doors and windows . Just before 8am crews requested the attendance of an incident support unit from Yeovil for additional drinking water , firefighter welfare and salvage equipment . By 8 . 30am crews were using thermal imaging cameras to identify hotspots and an investigation into the cause of the fire was under way .

14_8ecb.xml
A huge fire has destroyed the Waitrose store in Banstead High Street . The fire , which is being treated as suspicious , broke out in the roof of the store at 8.49pm on Friday night and quickly spread to the rest of the building . Dozens of people were evacuated from their homes and spent the night in a nearby church and day care centre . They began returning to their properties at 10am today , Saturday . The fire was spotted by a CCTV operator who saw smoke coming from the roof of the building . High winds meant the flames quickly spread throughout the building . Fire crews brought the blaze under control within the store late last night , but it is expected to continue burning for some hours yet . Police and firefighters remain at the scene this morning . Roads in the immediate area are expected to remain closed for a number of hours , and police have urged people to stay away from the scene . Other properties in the area suffered damage in the blaze , including broken windows . At this stage , nobody is thought to have been injured and anybody with information is asked to call police on 0845 125 2222 . Police have thanked residents for their 'patience and assistance ' during the evacuation .

14_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . fia . uk . com en Information Details index . cfm Waitrose - in - Wellington - catches - fire Waitrose in Wellington catches fire 22 Jul 2013 A Waitrose supermarket in a Somerset town caught fire yesterday ( July 21st ) , causing substantial damage to the building ’ s roof . The fire service was called at approximately 06 : 00 BST to the store , which is on Wellington ’ s high street . Upon arrival they found that the roof fire was quite significant . Fire crews from Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue attended the scene and then called a further four appliances to help , a report from ITV revealed . They contained the fire to one corner of the roof but could not be extinguished before a part of the entrance building collapsed . However , the main area of the one - storey supermarket was left largely intact with only smoke damage . By about 09 : 30 BST the fire was largely out , with crews checking for hotspots . The fire service ’ s Matt Goodman explained that the fire began on the outside of the building . "It then quickly spread to the roof so there is a significant amount of damage to the roof , but thankfully due to the early actions of the Wellington crew we could get a large weight of response to the scene , ” he said . "We've been able to prevent it spreading to other areas of the building , so the main store on the inside has got a reasonably small amount of smoke damage . " A spokesperson from Waitrose explained that no one was hurt in the incident and was grateful to the emergency services for their quick response and effective help . Investigations into what caused the fire are ongoing . In a bid to remove potential fire hazards , commercial buildings and non - domestic premises in England and Wales are already forced to undertake a 'suitable and sufficient' fire risk assessment carried out under the Regulatory Reform ( Fire Safety ) Order 2005 . While the overwhelming majority of premises do this , if the assessment is thought to have been carried out to an insufficient extent , the Responsible Person can face an unlimited fine or up to two years in prison .

14_9ecb.xml
A supermarket in Surrey has been completely destroyed after a fire broke out on Friday night . A statement from Surrey police said the blaze at the Waitrose store on the High Street in Banstead was being treated as `` potentially suspicious '' . Officers were alerted to the fire on the roof of the store at 20:49 GMT on Friday . The blaze then progressed rapidly through the supermarket , leaving it almost totally destroyed . Police claim that local residents have been evacuated and local road closures have been put in place . No-one is believed to have been injured in the incident , which saw more than 50 firefighters tackle the blaze . Assistant chief fire officer Peter Guest admitted it was impossible to save the building due to the extent of the damage . `` The fire grew very rapidly and there was a large explosion and the fire then grew in intensity and scale to such a point that the building would be impossible to save , '' he said . `` The crews have worked extremely hard ... to protect the surrounding buildings to ensure that this fire did n't spread further , but I 'm afraid the building here is a total loss . '' Police are appealing for anyone with any information relating to the fire to contact them on 0845 125 222 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111 .

14_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . westerndailypress . co . uk Breaking - man - charged - arson - Waitrose - Wellington story - 19552795 - detail story . html Breaking : man charged with arson after fire at Waitrose in Wellington Monday , July 22 , 2013 A man has been charged on suspicion of arson following a fire that devastated a Somerset supermarket . Robert Pitman , aged 24 and from Wellington , was charged with arson following the fire at the Waitrose supermarket in the Somerset town at the weekend . He has been denied bail and will appear at Taunton Deane Magistrates Court tomorrow morning . Dozens of firefighters tackled the blaze at the supermarket after the alarm was raised at about 6am on Sunday morning .

