16_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . presstelegram . com technology 20070503 judge - sentences - orozco - to - death Judge sentences Orozco to death POSTED : 05 02 07 , 9 : 00 PM PDT | A Norwalk Superior Court judge on Thursday upheld a jury's recommendation that convicted cop killer Jose Luis Orozco die for his crimes . Judge Philip Hickok told a packed courtroom that he weighed all the aggravating factors and mitigating circumstances in the ambush slaying of Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz in June 2005 , and he concluded that the case "absolutely warrants death instead of life without parole . " Orozco was convicted March 20 of first - degree murder for the slaying of Ortiz , a 15 - year veteran and member of the anti - gang detail at the Sheriff's Lakewood Station . A jury recommended on April 3 that Orozco be executed . Wearing the orange Los Angeles County Jail - issued jumpsuit and with his handcuffed wrists chained to his waist , Orozco smiled as he was led from the courtroom for the last time and turned to make an obscene gesture at a photographer . In denying an automatic motion by the defense to reduce the jury's recommendation from death to life in prison without the possibility of parole , Hickok called the slaying of the newlywed deputy and father of two "a cold - blooded , vicious murder . " `Colossal' factors Hickok said the aggravating factors in the case were "colossal . " He noted the 29 - year - old gang member not only killed the deputy while hiding outside of the lawman's view behind a door , Orozco also allegedly tried to kill another man just a few days earlier by shooting that individual in the back twice , and had bragged about killing the officer . He had also boasted prior to Ortiz's killing that he wanted to kill a cop , that he wanted to make a name for his gang , the judge added . "The murder was committed without regard in front of two extremely impressionable and young girls , " Hickok said , referring to the star witnesses in the case , two sisters - 8 - and 10 - year - old girls - who described the shooting for the jury . " ( Orozco ) arranged to have witnesses , including those two very young girls , killed so that they would not testify , " Hickok said . Dozens of deputies - many in uniform - packed the court for Thursday's sentencing , just as they had every day of the trial . In the center of the gallery was the slain deputy's wife , Chela Ortiz , who linked hands with her mother - in - law , Rosa Ortiz , and her husband's siblings . Chela spoke briefly before Hickok made the final ruling , addressing her husband's killer directly as she read from a letter written by her stepson , Jeremy Ortiz , and then made her own statement . "Why did you do it ? Why did you have to stand behind a door like a coward ? " the young widow read from the teen's letter . Chela Ortiz , who married the deputy three weeks before he was murdered , told Orozco in a firm voice , "I want you to know you did not break our family , " as her family began to cry . "Our Jerry is in heaven , we will see him again . . . his memory will live on , " she said amid the sounds of soft sobs and sniffles . "And you will always be remembered as a coward . " The 35 - year - old deputy was killed on June 24 , while investigating an attack in which Orozco shot a man in the back while doing yard work at a Hawaiian Gardens home four days earlier . Along with murder , Orozco was convicted of one count of attempted murder involving the earlier shooting and two counts of possession of a firearm by a felon . Jurors also found true the special circumstance allegations of murder of a peace officer , murder while lying in wait and murder to avoid arrest , along with the allegations that he personally discharged a handgun and committed the crimes for the benefit of a criminal street gang . In addition to asking the judge to reduce the sentence Thursday , Orozco's attorneys made a motion for a new trial , arguing that the DA was wrongly allowed to bring in overwhelmingly prejudicial material about Orozco's gang ties . The attorneys also argued that the defense was hamstrung when the judge refused to let them bring in the Rev . Gregory Boyle to testify on his gang experience in the penalty phase of the trial . They said the judge also refused to let them add jury instructions about others who could be guilty of aiding and abetting Orozco . Prosecutors pointed out all those arguments had been made during the guilt or penalty phase of the trial , and the judge had already ruled in the matters . Hickok agreed and denied both motions . `Tragic situation' Outside court , Defense Attorney Stanley Perlo said his client stands little chance at winning an appeal in the state Supreme Court , which he described as "very pro death . " In the Ninth District Court of Appeals , there is a chance they will see that the defense was denied a key witness in the penalty phase of the trial , he said . Neither Perlo nor his co - counsel , Robin Yanes , ever claimed their client's innocence . Their client had committed the crimes , both attorneys said Thursday . Rather , they argued that the defendant's lifetime of gang membership and drug abuse were mitigating factors that could not be ignored and that should have spared him death . They added that many of the people called to testify against their client were equally responsible for the deputy's slaying and yet were not prosecuted . "It's a tragic situation with nothing but a sad ending . What else could it be ? " Yanes said . Asked about the pending appeal , Deputy District Attorney Phil Stirling said such cases can never be predicted , but added that he and Lowell Anger - the lead DA on the case - were confident the conviction and sentence would stand . After the sentencing , Stirling called Orozco a "predator . " "He is a killer . He murdered Deputy Sheriff Jerry Ortiz , in addition to attempting to murder at least three other people that we know of , " Stirling said . Orozco's death sentence will be automatically appealed to the California Supreme Court and he was ordered to be transferred within 10 days from county jail to San Quentin State Prison , where he will await his appeal on death row . "He'll probably live a much longer , healthier life on death row than he would have on the streets , " Perlo said .

16_11ecbplus.xml
http : powderbluereport . blogspot . nl 2005 06 rip - la - county - sheriff - deputy - jerry . html THURSDAY , JUNE 30 , 2005 RIP LA County Sheriff Deputy Jerry Ortiz Another peace officer has been gunned down in cold blood . His name is Los Angeles county Sheriff deputy Jerry Ortiz . Officer Ortiz was knocking on doors down in the city of Hawaiian Gardens looking for gang members and he was shot point blank range in the head by gang member Jose Luis Orozco . They caught him a few doors down from where the shooting took place . At least he didn't get a chance to flee to Mexico . I guess we can be thankful for that . This is just another example of how hard the job that police officers have . They truely love what they're doing because they certainly aren't in it for the money . These guys are constantly getting shot at . My hat is off to all the police officers around the country .

16_1ecb.xml
Two possible gang members are under arrest for the assassination-style murder of a Los Angeles County sheriff 's deputy outside his house in a gang-plagued section of the city last summer , police said Saturday . Guillermo Hernandez , 20 , and Carlos Velasquez , 24 , were arrested Friday and were being held without bail in a Los Angeles Police jail , charged with killing Juan Abel Escalante last summer , said Chief of Detectives Charlie Beck . The suspects are members of the Avenues Gang , a violent group that has long claimed as its turf the low-income Cypress Park area northeast of Dodger Stadium , according to the Los Angeles Times . But police chief William J. Bratton , eager to protect his case , would not confirm the reported gang links . Escalante was shot outside his boyhood home in the 3400 block of Thorpe Street in Cypress Park while on his way to work at the Men 's Central Jail early Aug. 2 . Bratton said Escalante was loading a car seat into the family 's car when his wife , Celeste , heard gun shots and saw her husband on the ground . Police earlier confirmed that Escalante was shot in his head from behind and may never have seen his murderer . Bratton asked for the public 's help in providing additional information now that the suspects ' names were made public . The city had offered a $ 75,000 in the case , and the county Board of Supervisors added another $ 20,000 to that pot . At an afternoon news conference at Parker Center , police offered almost no details about the arrests and Bratton specifically declined to confirm reports of the suspects ' gang affiliation . A filing with the district attorney 's office was expected on Monday , and officials said releasing details in advance of the filing could put the case at risk . Bratton asked anyone with information to call 877-LAPD-24-7 ( 527-3247 ) .

16_1ecbplus.xml
http : da . lacounty . gov mr archive 2005 072605a . htm Hawaiian Gardens Gang Member Charged with Murdering Sheriff ’ s Deputy July 26 , 2005 District Attorney Steve Cooley announced today that capital murder charges were filed against a Hawaiian Gardens gang member accused of gunning down Deputy Luis Gerardo ( Jerry ) Ortiz a month ago . Cooley said Jose Luis Orozco was charged with murdering the 35 - year - old deputy on June 24 outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment . The complaint alleged three special circumstances that would make Orozco eligible for the death penalty : murder of a peace officer during performance of his duties , lying in wait and murder to avoid arrest . “ Deputy Ortiz was killed while investigating a shooting in which the defendant was a suspect , ” Cooley said at a news conference at the Bellflower courthouse . “ He was shot in the head and left dying on the ground while his killer ran away and tried to hide . “ Law enforcement officers like Deputy Ortiz are the last line of defense between criminals and the law - abiding citizens they protect . When one is killed , all of us lose . We will not let their killers go unpunished , ” the District Attorney said . Orozco , 27 , was found hiding in a house a few doors away from the shooting some hours after Deputy Ortiz was slain . He was arrested and remained in custody on a parole hold . “ The defendant ’ s custody status gave Sheriff ’ s detectives and our prosecutors in the Crimes Against Police Officers Section ( CAPOS ) additional time to fully investigate this murder and the case on which Deputy Ortiz was working when he was killed , ” Cooley said . “ Having time to do the fullest investigation possible results in a stronger criminal case . ” Orozco is scheduled to appear in Bellflower Superior Court ’ s Division 3 at 1 : 45 p . m . today for arraignment . The defendant , who lives in Hawaiian Gardens and also is known by the street moniker of Sepe , is charged in case No . VA089897 filed this morning by Deputy District Attorney Lowell Anger of CAPOS . Although filed as a capital case , the District Attorney ’ s office will decide closer to trial whether to seek the death penalty or life in prison without the possibility of parole . Orozco is charged with one count of murder of a peace officer with the special circumstances of murder of a peace officer during performance of his duties , lying in wait and murder to avoid arrest . It was alleged the defendant personally used a handgun to commit the crime . The complaint also alleged two counts of possession of a firearm by a felon for the June 24 murder of Ortiz and on June 20 , when a man was shot and wounded in Hawaiian Gardens . It was that shooting that Deputy Ortiz was investigating when he was killed . Deputy Ortiz was shot to death outside an apartment in the 12000 block of East 223rd Street . The deputy was with the Sheriff ’ s gang enforcement unit and was investigating the June 20 shooting . Authorities said he spotted Orozco shortly after 3 p . m . and chased him to the apartment . The killer was hiding behind the apartment ’ s front door . The defendant was arrested five buildings away on 223rd Street shortly before midnight . A . 38 - caliber revolver believed to be the murder weapon was recovered . Orozco also was charged with one count of attempted willful , deliberate , premeditated murder in connection with the June 20 shooting . The victim was shot while doing yard work at a home in the 22000 block of Joliet Avenue . He was hit in the back , but survived . The complaint charged that the June 20 shooting was for furtherance of a street gang . The complaint also alleged prior convictions including auto burglary , possession of a firearm by a felon and resisting and executive officer . Orozco will be held without bail . Joining Cooley at the news conference was Assistant Sheriff Doyle Campbell .

16_2ecb.xml
Two possible gang members were arrested in the fatal shooting of a sheriff 's deputy who was murdered as he was gettingready to go to work , officials announced Saturday .

16_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . lbreport . com news mar07 orozco . htm Hawaiian Gardens Gangmember Convicted Of Murdering Lakewood Stn . Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz Multiple Special Circumstances Add'l Horrific Charges ; D . A . Will Now Seek Death Penalty ( March 20 , 2007 ) - - A Superior Court jurty in Norwalk today convicted a Hawaiian Gardens gang member of murdering L . A . County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz in June , 2005 . The District Attorney's office says in a release that the jury found Jose Luis Orozco , 29 , guilty of 1st degree murder , attempted murder and posession of a firearm by a felon . It also found true special circumstances of murder of a police officer intentionally killed while performing his duties , murder to avoid arrest , street gang murder , lying in wait . . . and that Orozco personally used a handgun to commit the murder and the attempted murder , the D . A . 's release says . Sheriff Deputy Ortiz , 35 , with LASD's Gang Enforcement Unit , was killed June 24 , 2005 outside an apartment in the 12000 block of East 223rd Street in Hawaiian Gardens while investigating a June 20 shooting in which Orozco was a suspect . The D . A . 's release says Deputy Ortiz "spotted Orozco shortly after 3 p . m . the day of the shooting and chased him to the apartment . Orozco was hiding behind the apartment ’ s front door . He fired at the deputy and ran . Orozco was arrested five buildings away on 223rd Street shortly before midnight . A . 38 - caliber revolver was recovered . " Orozco was also convicted of the June 20 , 2005 attempted murder of a man shot in the back while doing yard work at a home in the 22000 block of Joliet Avenue in Hawaiian Gardens , a shooting that the jury also determined to be a street crime . Next week , the same jury will begin hearing evidence in the trial's penalty phase in which Deputy D . A . Lowell Anger of the Crimes Against Police Officers Section ( CAPOS ) will seek the death penalty . Deputy Ortiz was a Lakewood Award of Valor winner in 2004 for having faced down an armed carjacker who drew a gun on him and his partner , ending with the death of the carjacker and the arrest of two suspected gang members . The murder of Deputy Ortiz prompted an outpouring of emotion from the community , where he was respected and admired coworkers and members of the community . This was the scene outside the Lakewood Sheriff's station 24 hours after his death . Dep . Ortiz is the fifth Lakewood Sheriff Deputy slain while on duty . . . and his name is now inscribed on the Memorial Wall outside the LASD station on Clark Ave .

16_3ecb.xml
Two male gang members whose names remain unreleased were arrested last night in the case of the murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Deputy Juan Abel Escalante which took place outside his Cypress Park home this August 2nd as he prepared to leave for work . According to the LA Times , `` investigators have had a difficult time determining a motive for Escalante 's killing , '' however after working on the case at great length the team of detectives from both the LAPD 's robbery-homicide department and the LA County Sheriff 's Homicide Bureau isolated two members of the Avenues gang . It is possible that the murder took place due to the ongoing tension between the Avenues and the Cypress Park gang , which runs the area where Escalante lived , as opposed to Escalante being a specific target due to his work at the Men 's Central Jail . The 27-year-old Escalante `` was shot in the back of the head and never saw the assailants coming . '' He had been a deputy for less than 3 years when he was murdered .

16_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . odmp . org officer 17801 - deputy - sheriff - jerry - ortiz Deputy Sheriff Jerry Ortiz Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department , California End of Watch : Friday , June 24 , 2005 Deputy Jerry Ortiz was shot and killed after knocking on a door during an investigation . Deputy Ortiz had gone to an apartment complex in the city of Hawaiian Gardens to question a woman about a shooting that had taken place the previous day . As he spoke to the woman at the door of the apartment , the suspect in the previous day's shooting appeared and shot him in the head . The man then fled into an apartment three doors away . Deputies found him hiding in a bathtub three hours later . The suspect , who was on parole and had prior arrests for convictions for assault with a deadly weapon , resisting arrest , burglary , as well as for gun and drug crimes , was charged with first degree murder and faces the death penalty . In April 2007 the suspect was found guilty of capital murder and sentenced to death . Six months prior to this incident , Deputy Ortiz's brother - in - law , Corrections Officer Manuel A . Gonzalez , of the California Department of Corrections , was stabbed to death by a gang member inmate at California Institution for Men in Chino . Deputy Ortiz had served with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department for 15 years and was assigned to the Anti - Gang Unit . He is survived by his wife , two sons , and mother . He is buried in Calvary Cemetery , Los Angeles , California .

16_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . laspa . org services memorium jerry _ ortiz . htm A Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department deputy — a recently married father of two sons — died after a shooting Friday afternoon in Hawaiian Gardens , according to the sheriff's department . Gunfire was reported at about 3 p . m . in the Hawaiian Gardens area during an operation involving a uniformed gang enforcement deputy identified as Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz , according to sheriff's officials . The location is about 10 blocks east of the 605 Freeway . Authorities said a witness called 911 to report the shooting , which occurred after Ortiz knocked on the residence's door , according to the sheriff's department . Ortiz was shot in the head , said Larry Waldie of the sheriff's department . He was transported in a helicopter to UCLA - Medical Center . As of 11 p . m . authorities were still searching for Jose Luis Orozco , 27 , who is considered armed and dangerous . He is 5 - feet - 8 inches tall , weighing 130 pounds , has a shaved head and is heavily tattooed . He was wearing knee - length shorts with white tennis shoes , according to the sheriff's department . Ortiz , 35 , was a 15 - year member of the sheriff's department . He had been working with the gang enforcement team for the last five years . Sheriff's department officials initially reported that a second deputy was shot , but authorities later said the responding deputy's injuries were not caused by gunfire . Sheriff's officials said the second deputy was injured when he fell . That deputy was hospitalized at Tri - Cities Hospital . A SWAT unit was dispatched to the area near Carson Street and Norwalk Boulevard . Deputies and at least one canine unit also were at the scene . Authorities said they believe they know the identity of the shooter but no suspects have been taken into custody . UPDATE : A suspect has been arrested in connection with the killing of a Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy conducting a follow - up investigation in a gang case , authorities said today . Jose Luis Orozco was arrested just before midnight yesterday , near where the shooting ocurred in Hawaiian Gardens , Los Angeles County sheriff's Sgt . Don Manumaleuna said . No shots were fired when Orozco was taken into custody , he added .

16_5ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2005 jun 25 local me - sheriff25 Gunman Kills L . A . Deputy on Gang Duty June 25 , 2005 A Los Angeles County sheriff's deputy interviewing a woman and a man outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment was fatally shot Friday when a gunman burst out of the residence , put a handgun to the officer's face and fired , authorities said . Sheriff's deputies fanned out across Hawaiian Gardens late Friday in search of the gunman , who apparently surprised Deputy Jerry Ortiz , 35 , as he spoke to the woman in the doorway of her apartment . Authorities said Ortiz probably died instantly . "This was an assassination of a deputy , " Sheriff Lee Baca said . "It was a sudden attack that gave the deputy no chance . " Deputies identified the suspect as Jose Luis Orozco , 27 , a parolee wanted on suspicion of attempted murder in another case . "He should be considered armed and very dangerous , " said sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore . Deputies said that Orozco is 5 - foot - 8 , 135 pounds , with tattoos of "devil's horns" on his forehead and other tattoos over his upper body . They said he is a gang member known by the nickname "Sepy . " Ortiz , who had hoped to become a detective soon , had worked for the Sheriff's Department for 15 years and was known as an extremely hard worker whose job was to penetrate the inner workings of local gangs . The Diamond Bar resident was married two weeks ago to his second wife , Chela . He is also survived by two sons , ages 6 and 16 . Last year , Ortiz won the department's Medal of Honor after he fatally shot a carjacker who drew a gun on him and his partner , Det . Colin Orpe . "He was an outstanding person , who would go out of his way to help people , " said Orpe , a longtime friend . "We're all mourning , " he said , choking back tears . The shooting occurred about 3 : 10 p . m . in the 12200 block of 223rd Street in Hawaiian Gardens , a working - class city at the northeastern border of Long Beach that has long been plagued by gang violence . The town of 14 , 000 has struggled economically in recent years , luring a casino to help balance its shaky finances . Ortiz's body was discovered by residents who heard the gunfire . They tried to aid the deputy and dialed 911 , authorities said . Ortiz was working without his longtime partner at the time of the attack . Undersheriff Larry Waldie said Ortiz had arrived for work early , as he often did , and was so eager to begin his day that he struck out on his own . "He didn't want to wait , " Waldie said . Asked if Ortiz might have lived had his partner been with him , Waldie said there was no way to know . "There might have been two people killed , " he said . The shooting was followed by confusion as scores of deputies descended on the area with dogs and rifles but little knowledge of what had occurred . A sheriff's SWAT team encircled the apartment complex where it was believed that the gunman could be hiding . Patrol deputies detained as many as nine potential witnesses and others in an effort to learn details of the shooting . Nearly all of them were rounded up in a liquor store next to the apartment complex . Television news footage showed the men and women sitting on the curb in handcuffs as deputies interviewed them and swabbed their hands for possible gunshot residue .

16_6ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2007 apr 04 local me - orozco4 Deputy's killer gets death sentence The gang member shot Jerry Ortiz outside a Hawaiian Gardens building in 2005 . April 04 , 2007 A Norwalk jury on Tuesday ordered execution for a gang member convicted of murdering a Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputy in June 2005 . Deputy Luis Gerardo "Jerry" Ortiz , 35 , was shot outside a Hawaiian Gardens apartment building while investigating Jose Luis Orozco in connection with another shooting . Orozco , 29 , was found guilty by the same jury last month of first - degree murder with the special circumstances of murder of a police officer and possession of a firearm by a felon . "This is the kind of person and the kind of crime that the death penalty was made for , " said Dist . Atty . Steve Cooley . Sheriff's Deputy Timothy Brennan , who had been Ortiz's partner for a year , called the verdict bittersweet . He explained , "You feel good , but it's never going to bring Jerry back to his family and friends . " Orozco is to be formally sentenced May 3 by Judge Philip H . Hickock . Stanley Perlo , one of Orozco's lawyers , said his client grew up "in a gang - infested area . For all intents and purposes , the gang became his family . " Perlo said Orozco was consumed by gang life in much the same way one is addicted to drugs , affecting his judgment . A 15 - year department veteran , Ortiz had hoped to become a detective . He had married two weeks before the shooting , and had won a department medal of honor for fatally shooting a suspected carjacker who had pulled a gun on him and his partner . The jury reached its verdict in less than a day . Jurors on Monday asked to review a video recording of Orozco boasting about the shooting to other jail inmates two weeks after Ortiz's death . The recording , which was presented during the trial , showed Orozco talking about his appearance on the "America's Most Wanted" television show .

16_7ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2005 jun 26 local me - deputy26 Deputy's Alleged Killer Held A 27 - year - old parolee is found 'cowering in a bathtub' near the house where Jerry Ortiz had been shot in the head a few hours earlier . June 26 , 2005 Before he was fatally shot , Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz was looking for a man considered to be a "career criminal" and was hoping to arrest him on suspicion of attempted murder , officials said Saturday . That man , Jose Luis Orozco , is now the main suspect in the Friday afternoon slaying of Ortiz in Hawaiian Gardens . Orozco was arrested around midnight Friday by a sheriff's SWAT team , three houses from the scene of the fatal shooting . He was found "cowering in a bathtub , " Sheriff Lee Baca said . Ortiz , a gang enforcement officer , was searching for Orozco because he was a suspect in a shooting that occurred in the neighborhood Monday , said Sheriff's Capt . Ray Peavy , a homicide investigator . Orozco , 27 , a known gang member , was also suspected of violating parole after serving time for a weapons violation , Peavy said . Ortiz , 35 , was on his own about 3 p . m . Friday when he went to a house in Hawaiian Gardens , a working - class city at the northeast border of Long Beach with long - standing gang problems . Peavy said the specific reason for Ortiz's visit was unknown but he provided a few details about the encounter : A woman answered the door and a man walked up behind her . Ortiz asked the man for some identification and was checking it when Orozco appeared from inside the house . He shot Ortiz once in the head and fled , Peavy said . Dozens of law enforcement officers worked the case through the afternoon and into the night , fanning out around the 12200 block of 223rd Street and questioning residents . Deputies believed they knew where Orozco was hiding and obtained a search warrant . A handgun was recovered during the arrest , Peavy said . Orozco , who was booked on suspicion of violating his parole , is being held without bail . Los Angeles County Dist . Atty . Steve Cooley said he expected Orozco to be charged with first - degree murder of a peace officer , which means he could receive the death penalty if he is convicted . Peavy could not say what Orozco was doing in the house , but said he had been living on the street and sleeping in different places . Baca , who had been in Kentucky for a meeting of the National Sheriffs' Assn . , returned to Los Angeles for a news conference held Saturday with Cooley and Los Angeles Mayor - elect Antonio Villaraigosa . Baca praised the work of his investigators , but the arrest seemed to do little to quell his anger . He called Orozco "the scum of the earth" and an "idiot , " pointing to a photo of the suspect and the "devil horns" tattooed on his bald head . Cooley unfurled a long trail of printer paper that Baca said contained Orozco's criminal record , including drug and weapon violations , resisting arrest , burglary and assault with a deadly weapon . The sheriff contrasted the suspect's life with that of Ortiz , a 15 - year department veteran . Ortiz "not only exemplified the best of what we have , but took it upon himself to work in the toughest job that we also have - - and that is trying to do something about this out - of - control gang problem in Los Angeles County , " Baca said . Baca urged everyone in Southern California to pay more attention to the gang problem . He called for broader prevention initiatives , lamented the lack of resources in his department and urged parents to get involved in the lives of their children . Cooley said the fact that Orozco hadn't been in contact with his parole officer since January was a "failure" of the system , but he did not elaborate . Undersheriff Larry Waldie said that Ortiz set out without a partner Friday because he had arrived early and was eager to get to work . Peavy said Ortiz usually partnered with one of two deputies , but both had the day off . Instead , Ortiz had planned to partner with his sergeant . But he apparently decided to visit the house first . Peavy noted that such solo work is not a violation of department policy . Ortiz , of Diamond Bar , was an Army veteran and the father of two boys , ages 6 and 16 . He was married for the second time about two weeks ago . His family declined a request for an interview Saturday through a sheriff's spokesman . But colleagues described him as someone who lived for police work and was a "fanatic" about boxing . He fought on the sheriff's boxing team and trained recruits and deputies in hand - to - hand combat . Lt . Bob Rifkin of Operation Safe Streets , the department's gang unit , said Ortiz became interested in the gang problem while working as a patrol officer from 1996 to 2000 . He joined the gang unit in 2001 after passing a background check and written exam that tested his knowledge of gang culture . Ortiz won numerous commendations for his work . Last year , he was awarded the city of Lakewood's Medal of Valor after he fatally shot a carjacker who drew a gun on him and his partner . "Jerry was 35 years old and had more motivation than a 21 - year - old just getting on the department , " Rifkin said . "He always wanted to go toward the action and that's what Jerry was respected for . " Baca noted that Ortiz's family has had "tremendous tragedies when it comes to those members who've been in law enforcement . " In January , Ortiz's brother - in - law , Manuel A . Gonzalez , was stabbed to death while working as a corrections officer at a state prison in Chino . The alleged killer , Jon Christopher Blaylock , was serving a life sentence for the attempted murder of a police officer .

16_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . streetgangs . com news 062405 - sheriffs - deputy Sheriff ’ s Deputy Shot and Killed June 24 , 2005 A 35 - year - old sheriff ’ s deputy working with an anti - gang unit was killed Friday when he knocked on the door of a home and someone shot him in the head , authorities said . Deputy Jerry Ortiz had gone to the home to speak to a woman there as part of a gang investigation when he was attacked , Undersheriff Larry Waldie told reporters Friday night . Ortiz probably died instantly , Waldie said . “ Someone came out either nearby or from the residence and put a bullet through his head , ” Waldie said . Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca , who was out of state attending a convention , made plans to return to Southern California immediately . The deputy , who was wed about three weeks ago , is survived by his wife and two sons , ages 16 and 6 , Waldie said . He was a 15 - year veteran of the department and had been a member of its anti - gang unit for the past five years . Authorities said they believe they know the identity of the shooter , although the person was not immediately taken into custody . Deputies cordoned off streets in the neighborhood and were searching for the suspect Friday night . A passer - by who found the wounded deputy shortly after 3 p . m . called the Lakewood sheriff ’ s station to report the shooting , said sheriff ’ s Sgt . Vanette Christiansen . “ Our Lakewood units responded out and in fact we found a deputy who works our gang enforcement team who had gunshot wounds , ” she said . Another deputy fell and suffered a minor injury responding to the crime scene .

16_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . presstelegram . com technology 20070403 death - for - orozco Death for Orozco POSTED : 04 02 07 , 9 : 00 PM PDT | A convicted cop killer laughed Tuesday after hearing a jury's ruling that he be put to death . Jose Luis Orozco showed almost no emotion throughout the three - week trial in which he was convicted of the 2005 murder of Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Jerry Ortiz . A rare exception for the 29 - year - old Hawaiian Gardens gang member was an occasional smile for his mother when he turned in his chair to glance back at her from time to time . He will be sentenced May 3 . When the jury convicted him last month of the deputy's slaying , as well as the attempted murder of another man just a few days prior to the ambush killing of Ortiz , Orozco sat staring straight ahead , unflinching . As Court Clerk Dan Fallon read the jury's sentence shortly before noon Tuesday , several members of the slain lawman's family gasped , clutching one another's hands . At the same time , a small smile spread across Orozco's face and he chuckled . "We understand and we appreciate the gravity of the decision that the jury had to make . . . , and that it took a lot for them to ( come to that decision ) , " Chela Ortiz , the deputy's wife , said afterward . "We appreciate everything they did , we know they were very careful . . . and gave this a lot of their attention . " Chela Ortiz - who was married three weeks before her husband was murdered - sat with her mother in - law , Rosa Ortiz , and the rest of the family every day of the trial . They were accompanied by dozens of sheriff's deputies and other family friends , including the family's priest . Most days were difficult and filled with tears as they listened to chilling testimony recounting the last few minutes of Ortiz's life and saw , for the first time , the crime scene and autopsy photos . "I think , for all of us , it was kind of reliving the nightmare all over , " Chela Ortiz said . Family members listened to testimony that included the defendant's violent past and the many times he escaped prosecution by using his gang's influence and power to intimidate victims - including two nearly killed when they were shot and stabbed in the back by Orozco , according to prosecutors . Orozco's friends and fellow gang members also recalled his boasting about killing a cop one day . "I just say thank God it is over , " the deputy's mother , Rosa Ortiz , said . "It was too much some days . . . to me it was too hard . " It took the jury of six men and six women a little more than four hours , spread over two days , to choose death over life in prison without the possibility of parole . It was almost the same amount of time used to come to the guilty verdict on March 20 . According to three jurors who spoke briefly outside the courtroom , the decision was a difficult one made slightly easier by the thorough job of the prosecutors and investigators . None of them wanted to be identified because of the gang ties to the case . The physical evidence , which including Orozco's DNA and fingerprints found on the murder weapon , was overwhelming , they said . There were also a number of eye witnesses including two girls who described for the jury how Orozco hid behind their front door and shot the deputy as Ortiz spoke with their mother . Equally as damning , jurors said , was the complete lack of remorse shown by the defendant . He squandered two opportunities to turn his life around , including chances to relocate out of state and away from the gang with his family in Las Vegas and again with a friend and former gang member in Florida , they said . It looked to them as though he preferred the life of a criminal and reveled in the notoriety he earned in the deputy's death . A taped conversation between Orozco and two friends - one a fellow gang member and the other an associate - in a holding cell at the Bellflower Courthouse made it clear to the jury that a life in prison would not diminish his threat to society , they said . In that tape , Orozco is heard talking about destroying evidence and ordering a hit on the two little girls and their mother - the star witnesses in the case . "I had to hear that tape again , " one juror said . "Because if we were going to send him to jail for life , he could run the same business from behind bars , " a second juror added . "This way he can't harm anyone anymore . " Apartment murder Ortiz was assigned to track Orozco down the day before his June 24 , 2005 murder . That task stemmed from the June 20 , 2005 shooting of a black man who - according to prosecutors - Orozco tried to kill simply because of his race . The 15 - year veteran , who learned the day before that he had made the rank of detective , was patrolling in Hawaiian Gardens near 223rd Street when he spotted Orozco and tried to stop him . The gang member took off running with Ortiz behind him , according to court testimony . Ortiz followed Orozco to an apartment complex in the 12500 block of East 223rd Street , to the home of one of Orozco's friends whom the deputy knew from previous altercations , at about 3 : 30 p . m . What Ortiz didn't know was that Orozco was lurking behind the woman's front door . As Ortiz spoke to her and reholstered his weapon , Orozco steadied his hand while two of the woman's children - girls age 6 and 8 - and several of her friends looked on . He fired just one shot from his . 38 - caliber revolver , with the slug passing through a crack in the door and hitting the deputy in the side of the head . The 35 - year - old newlywed and father to two boys died almost immediately . Tactical decision Stan Perlo , one of two court - appointed defense attorneys assigned to Orozco , said the defendant's lack of support from his family dealt a massive blow to their case . Originally , Orozco's mother was to take the stand to tell her son's story and talk about the many problems he faced growing up , Perlo said . But she became nervous , telling her son the night before she was to testify that she did not want to go through with it , Perlo explained . Orozco agreed not to force his mother to have to take the witness stand , a decision that likely destroyed his chance at any mercy on the part of the jury , he said . "Our problem was we had no one to tell his story , " Perlo said . "We were counting on his mom and . . . she was too nervous to testify . " Perlo and co - counsel Robin Yanes approached Orozco's case from a somewhat unorthodox position . Rather than argue their client's innocence , they repeatedly referred to their client as the gunman in the presence of the jury and focused on a number of other people they claimed were equally responsible in the crime . It was a tactical decision reached by the two veteran attorneys , both with extensive experience with death penalty cases , and after consultation with their peers , Perlo explained . "We made a lot of decisions that some lawyers would disagree with , " he said . "I would add , personally , a lot of lawyers with a lot less experience . " Long process When Orozco returns to court on May 3 , Perlo and Yanes will argue for a mistrial and , if that is rejected , will ask Judge Philip Hickok to modify the jury's verdict and consider life without parole . The chance either argument will be successful is slight , Perlo said . But that then sets into motion the automatic appeals process , something that will be handled by a different set of attorneys . During that time , Orozco will not be housed with the general population , he will have a cell all his own giving him isolation from much of the gang violence in the state's prisons . At the very least , Perlo estimated the appeals process will last five years . It could run into 20 years because there are both state and federal requirements that must be met , he added . A large part of the problem stems from finding lawyers who are available for such a lengthy commitment of time , who are willing to take on a stressful job and who are qualified , Perlo said . "The decision today made the family happy , but unfortunately it's a false happiness , " Perlo said after court Tuesday . "I've dealt with issues of death for many years . . . the death penalty rarely offers . . . closure . " The Ortiz family , however , disagreed . "I'm kind of relieved that it's over , " said 17 - year - old Jeremy Ortiz , one of the deputy's sons from a previous marriage . "I'm happy with the verdict , we just have to wait it out now . " Prior to the reading of the verdict , the deputy's family and friends waited in a courtroom filled to capacity but so quiet one could could hear the slight squeaks of the attorneys' leather chairs . Some bowed their heads and rubbed their faces , while others clasped their hands as though in prayer . When the sentence was finally announced a collective gasp for air was followed by cries and sobs as relatives sitting behind the family leaned forward to rub their shoulders and give a comforting squeeze . Outside the courtroom , Rosa Ortiz took out a button with a laminated picture of her slain son in uniform and handed it to the eldest of her five children , Art Ortiz , so that he could pin it on her blouse . Once it was secure she kissed it tenderly . For many minutes afterward , relatives and friends stood outside the courtroom hugging and crying . Detective Dawn Retzlaff , one of the two lead homicide detectives on the case , said authorities were grateful for the jury's thorough and careful review of the facts and investigators were happy with the verdict , calling it just . Speaking on behalf of the Sheriff's Department , Retzlaff added that they wanted to express their condolences to Ortiz's family in what was a devastating time . "It's not a happy day for anybody , " said Deputy District Attorney Lowell Anger , who prosecuted the case along with fellow DA Phillip Stirling . Anger said that the message sent by the jury's sentence - that killing a police officer and flaunting all respect for authority and for life will not be tolerated - was clear . It was the constant support from Anger , Stirling and the District Attorney's office , from the Sheriff's Department and other law enforcement agencies , and from the family's large circle of friends that made the tumultuous trial more bearable , Chela and her in - laws insisted . "We could never repay them for all the support and love they have for this family , and that they have for Jerry , " Chela said .

