18_10ecb.xml
A Vancouver man has been charged with first-degree murder after a killing at an office party . Police allege Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , 61 , opened fire at a Vancouver office Christmas party Friday , killing one man . Const. Tim Fanning told a news conference today a man walked into the party with a firearm and shot one person dead immediately . Police have identified the victim as Benjamin David Banky , 40 , of Vancouver . Twelve other people managed to leave the office while police began two hours of negotiations with a suspect . Fanning says the incident was extremely traumatic for witnesses .

18_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com story 2007 04 11 detroit - office - shooter - charged - with - murder - attempted - murder Detroit Office Shooter Charged With Murder , Attempted Murder Published April 11 , 2007 A man fired four days earlier from his job as an accountant walked into his old office , passed by the receptionist and made his way to a manager's office with the purpose of killing him with a shotgun , a police sergeant said Wednesday during the man's arraignment . When Monday's violence had concluded , the receptionist - - Madeline Kafoury - - was shot dead and two managers , Paul Riva and Alan Steinberg , were wounded . Steinberg was shot in the hip and has spoken to police about the attack , while Riva had not yet regained consciousness and was on a ventilator . The man accused of shooting his three former co - workers is Anthony LaCalamita III , a 38 - year - old Troy resident who was fired from Gordon Advisors on Thursday . A not guilty plea was entered on LaCalamita's behalf during Wednesday's hearing . LaCalamita is charged with first - degree murder in the death of Kafoury , 63 , of Warren . He also is charged with two counts of intent to murder in the shootings of Riva , 47 , of Sterling Heights , and Steinberg , 48 , of Macomb County's Bruce Township - - as well as three counts of possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony and one count of fleeing and eluding police . LaCalamita was asked by Judge Michael A . Martone if he understood the charges against him and if he was aware that he could be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted of first - degree murder . He responded , "Yes , " to the series of questions posed by Martone . The judge ordered him held without bond pending his next court hearing April 19 . Kafoury's loved ones attended Wednesday's arraignment , and her daughter , Charlene - - holding a picture of Kafoury - - sobbed loudly during the proceedings . "She didn't do it . She didn't fire him , " Charlene Kafoury said . LaCalamita sat nearby and did not react to the comments from the victim's daughter . After the hearing , Charlene Kafoury and other loved ones gathered for a news conference . "She wasn't just a receptionist . . . . She was our mom and the grandmother of our children , " said Charlie Kafoury , Charlene's brother . "She was an essential point of our lives , " said a tearful Charlie Kafoury , who had difficulty getting out his words . A number of loved ones stood behind him and cried audibly . They engaged in a group hug after the news conference . Troy police Sgt . Barry Whiteside said LaCalamita first stopped at the reception area after 10 a . m . on Monday and talked to Kafoury , then entered Steinberg's office and asked him twice if he wanted to be shot . Steinberg told police he thought LaCalamita was holding a toy gun . "He didn't think it was real until he saw the shotgun was being racked , " Whiteside said . After shooting Steinberg , Whiteside said LaCalamita walked down the hall and into Riva's office . Kafoury , who was standing in the doorway of Riva's office , was struck in her midsection , Whiteside said . She fell to the floor and died from her wounds , he said . LaCalamita then fired one round at Riva , who was struck in the upper chest area . Riva tried to step over Kafoury and collapsed in the hall , Whiteside said . Police said LaCalamita targeted the two managers and also may have intended to shoot another one . "There is a suspicion that there might have been a third upper management official he was seeking , " said Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck . The man , whom police did not identify , was not in the office suite at the time of the attack . Police said the shotgun was armed with buckshot that contained nine pellets in each shot . Some of the pellets hit the victims and some did not , police said . LaCalamita was fired from his position as a general accountant last Thursday because of poor performance , police said . According to receipts police recovered from his apartment , LaCalamita purchased the shotgun around 3 : 45 p . m . on Friday . LaCalamita was denied a handgun permit in March , said Scherlinck , who would not say why the permit was denied . LaCalamita was arrested Monday afternoon after leading police on a chase north along Interstate 75 in Genesee County in which speeds reached 120 mph . A 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three live shells were found in the silver Ford Fusion LaCalamita was driving . Police said they found a long , cardboard box consistent to one that would hold a shotgun , as well as empty shell boxes , in a Dumpster outside LaCalamita's apartment during a search Monday evening .

18_11ecb.xml
A former employee recently let go from his job opened fire at an office Christmas party yesterday , killing one person . Vancouver Police say the disgruntled man burst into the workplace during the party and opened fire . `` The suspect , a 61-year-old man , entered the business , which had at least a dozen people inside enjoying a Christmas party , '' police said in a statement . Police Const. Tim Fanning said the gunman came in around 4 p.m. local time . One man was shot and killed but the other partygoers managed to escape and no one else was injured . `` Police locked down the neighbourhood and negotiated with the suspect , who gave himself up to police just after 6 p.m. , '' Fanning said in the statement . The business at the location of the shooting is listed at TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier . State police say a bomb exploded at an Oregon bank after it was evacuated and at least one bomb technician was injured . TheOregonian newspaper quotes a federal spokesman confirming that a bomb detonated at West Coast Bank in Woodburn . The spokesman for the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives also said at least one bomb technician had been injured . TheOregonianreports the bank had been evacuated before the bomb detonated .

18_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . theage . com . au articles 2007 04 10 1175971051701 . html Sacked worker shoots ex - colleagues April 10 , 2007 - 7 : 07AM A man suspected of shooting three people , killing one , at a suburban Detroit accounting firm from which he was fired last week was arrested after a high - speed chase a few hours after the attack this morning , authorities said . Police said they had located Anthony LaCalamita , 38 , on the Interstate 75 highway , north of the office building where the shootings took place . Sheriff's deputies and state police chased him for 48km , including through a construction zone , at speeds up to 193km h before he finally pulled over after about 15 minutes , Genesee County Sheriff Robert J Pickell said . "He probably realised if he didn't , he was going to be shot , " Undersheriff James Gage said . LaCalamita said nothing after officers surrounded him , Pickell said , describing the suspect as "subdued . Very , very , very subdued" . Officers found a 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three live shells in the vehicle , Pickell said . Witnesses said the shooter used a shotgun or a rifle , Troy police Lieutenant Gerry Scherlinck said . Some witnesses told police that when the shooter walked into the office on the building's second floor at about 10am today , he looked as if he was trying to hide something , Troy Police Chief Charles Craft said . Police could not say how many shots were fired . "I'm not positive all three of the people were targeted , but there appeared to be some purpose , " Craft said . The families of the two wounded men requested "total privacy" , and the hospital would not release any details about their conditions , Beaumont Hospital spokeswoman Ilene Wolfe said . She said the third victim died on the way to the hospital . LaCalamita was listed among the professional staff on the website of Gordon Advisers , a public accounting and business consulting firm in the building . Calls to Gordon Advisers were not answered this afternoon , and a recording said the offices were closed . The 15 , 800 - square - metre building houses a number of businesses , including law offices and the accounting firm . Police at first told workers to stay in their offices but a short time later evacuated the building , about 24km north of Detroit . Bill Adgate , who works at LPL Financial inside the building , said he had hunkered down inside the office for a couple of hours with furniture pushed up against the door . He said police told the group to stay put until officers allowed them to leave . "It's tough . I want to get out , " Adgate said by telephone .

18_12ecb.xml
Employees at a Vancouver wholesaler were coping Saturday with the death of their boss , who was gunned down at their office Christmas party . A man facing murder charges in a Christmas party shooting was on suicide watch Monday as friends and family of paid glowing tribute to his alleged victim . Those who knew Benjamin David Banky , 40 , were still in shock three days after he was gunned down during what was supposed to be a Christmas celebration at his office . His accused killer , Eric Kirkpatrick , made a brief appearance in Vancouver provincial court Monday on a charge of first-degree murder . Banky was CEO of TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a wholesaler of natural health products , which remained closed Monday . `` He was incredibly bright , a very caring person and incredibly family-oriented , '' said Nancy O'Higgins , a longtime family friend . O'Higgins and her husband Eric , both retired journalists , knew Ben as a baby because they worked in the media in Ontario with Ben 's father Jake before both families moved west , six months apart . The O'Higgins ' attended Ben 's wedding a couple of years ago on Hornby Island , one of the Gulf Islands where his parents now live . `` They were n't married very long , just a couple of years . '' She said Ben and his wife grew up as neighbours on Hornby Island . `` That was how Ben and Linda knew each other . '' Ben attended school in his early years in White Rock but got most of his education in Victoria where his father worked for Broadcast News , which is now The Canadian Press . She said he travelled to China for awhile , where he studied Mandarin and was quite fluent . `` I was so incredibly impressed that he spoke Mandarin that that really stuck in my head , '' said O'Higgins . John Banky , Ben 's older brother , spoke briefly from the parents ' home Monday , alluding to his brother 's musical abilities . `` He spoke a few languages and could play any instrument made by man , '' said his brother . While the family tried to deal with the loss , Kirkpatrick made a brief appearance in court . His lawyer , Richard Fowler , told the court his client is on suicide watch at the North Fraser Pretrial Centre in Port Coquitlam . Fowler described conditions at the centre as unacceptable , saying his client is double-bunked with a man who is withdrawing from a drug addiction and the cell is cold . Much of B.C. is in the grips of a cold spell , with unusually cold temperatures in the Vancouver area that are well below freezing . Kirkpatrick , who has long grey hair flowing down to his shoulders and a long grey beard , was dressed in red , prison-issue coveralls . He stood quietly in the prisoner 's box listening to the proceedings . The sixty-one-year-old was arrested Friday , not long after Banky was shot to death . Outside court , Fowler said Kirkpatrick is `` not doing very well . '' `` He is placed in a double bunk with somebody who is withdrawing from drugs . He can not sleep . It 's freezing cold . The problem is that these institutions are too full . '' `` He 's presumed innocent and he should be treated better . '' Lon Wood , another retired Victoria journalist who knew Ben 's father from their days working in Victoria , said he met Ben and the other children through their parents . `` They are a very close family . '' John Paul Fraser of National Public Relations , which is working for TallGrass , said the family is not speaking publicly yet . At a weekend news conference , city police spokesman Const . Tim Fanning said Kirkpatrick had been let go from TallGrass on Thursday . Fanning did n't know how long the suspect had worked at the business . The other people at the office party were able to escape without injury , Fanning said . `` The shock was tremendous but all the other people in the business - and a dozen other people who were there for a Christmas party - managed to get out safely , '' Fanning said . The shocked party-goers were put on buses and taken to police headquarters where witness statements were taken , he said . He said counsellors have been made available to them .

18_13ecb.xml
A former employee who opened fire at an office Christmas party and killed one man has been charged with first-degree murder , police said Saturday . Constable Tim Fanning allege the recently- fired man , Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , 61 , opened fire at a Vancouver office Friday , killing Benjamin David Banky , 40 . Fanning said the gunman entered the party of at least a dozen people around 4 p.m . One man was shot and killed but the other partygoers managed to escape and no one else was injured . `` Police 'locked down ' the neighborhood and negotiated with the suspect , who gave himself up to police just after 6 p.m. , '' Fanning said in a statement . The business at the location of the shooting is listed as TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier . Luke Pigeon , who lives in an apartment building next door , said he did n't hear a gunshot but heard noise outside his window . `` It was n't typical , crazy noise that sometimes happens . You got the feeling there was something definitely , definitely wrong , '' Pigeon told The Canadian Press . He looked out his window and saw someone fleeing the building next door . `` All of a sudden in my front yard there were five totally decked out , geared up riot squad officers with guns out of the holster , aiming at the second floor of the building right beside us , '' Pigeon said . After two hours , he said , the gunman gave himself up and police cuffed him .

18_14ecb.xml
One man is dead after being shot by a gunman who marched into a company Christmas party Friday night . Vancouver police have arrested a 61-year-old former employee after the shooting at Tallgrass Distributors Ltd. , an organic supplements and health product store in the Mount Pleasant neighbourhood near downtown Vancouver . `` A man who apparently had just been let go from his job there came in , shot and killed another man , '' Vancouver police Const . Tim Fanning told a news conference . `` There was at least a dozen other people on the scene . They managed to get out . `` Our negotiators got on the phone with him right away , and fortunately were able to talk him down from his very , very excited and upset state . '' Fanning said no one else was injured . Offices around the neighbourhood were shut down during the police standoff that lasted two hours before the gunman gave himself up . Staff at Fiji Island Auto , across the street from the building where the shooting took place , were told at 5 : 30 p.m. local time to leave the premises . John Christie , head of house production for Paperny Films , located down the street , said they were planning to hold an office party upstairs when someone heard shots fired . `` We have been asked by the police to stay away from the windows and we 've been forced to go downstairs , '' Christie said .

18_15ecb.xml
A former employee walked into a staff Christmas party at an east Vancouver health products business Friday and shot and killed a man , according to police . Police said they were called to Tallgrass Distributors Ltd. , in the central Mount Pleasant neighbourhood , where a man carrying a firearm had confronted the crowd . `` A man who apparently had just been let go from his job there came in , shot and killed another man , '' Vancouver police Const. Tim Fanning told a news conference . `` There was at least a dozen other people on the scene . They managed to get out . `` Our negotiators got on the phone with him right away , and fortunately were able to talk him down from his very , very excited and upset state . '' After two hours a 61-year-old man surrendered and was arrested . Fanning could n't say if anyone else was in the building at the time , but said no one else was injured . Nigel Hacker said he looked outside his nearby office at about 4:20 p.m. to see the street cordoned off . `` There was someone in the building and they were trying to get him out , '' Hacker said . `` I tried not to listen . '' But he caught the tone of the conversation . `` It was n't emotional from this end , '' he said . `` Everything seemed under control . They did a great job . '' Down the street at Paperny Films , John Christie said employees were planning to hold an office party upstairs when someone heard shots fired and the police came knocking at their door . `` We have been asked by the police to stay away from the windows and we 've been forced to go downstairs , '' Christie said . `` We 're having an office party anyway so we 're just staying out of the way , undercover . If we 're in a lockdown , at least we have beers and pizza . '' Christie said the police , who placed an undercover officer at Paperny 's front door , were n't pleased when some office workers fled through the back alley to get home . TallGrass claims it is the fastest-growing natural-health-product supplier to the Natural Health Industry in Canada . It was originally called Tallgrass Hemp Company , and supplied a variety of products based on the hemp plant , including Body Dope , a line of hair- and skin-care products made with hemp and other botanicals .

18_16ecb.xml
A 61-year-old man in Canada is charged with first-degree murder in a deadly office Christmas party shooting . Constable Tim Fanning says Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , who had recently been fired from his job in Vancouver , is accused of fatally shooting Benjamin David Banky . Fanning says at least a dozen people were at the party when the gunman entered about 4 p.m . Police locked down the neighborhood and Kirkpatrick gave up about two hours later . The business at the location of the shooting is listed as TallGrass Distribution , a natural health product supplier .

18_1ecb.xml
A 61-year-old man was charged with first-degree murder Saturday after allegedly opening fire at his former employers ' office Christmas party in Vancouver , killing one man , police said . Constable Tim Fanning said Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , who had recently been fired from his job , is accused of fatally shooting Benjamin David Banky , 40 . Fanning said at least a dozen people were at the party when the gunman entered about 4 p.m . All but Kirkpatrick escaped without injury . `` Police locked down the neighborhood and negotiated with the suspect , who gave himself up to police just after 6 : 00 p.m. , '' Fanning said in a statement . The business at the location of the shooting is listed as TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier .

18_1ecbplus.xml
http : edition . cnn . com 2007 US 04 09 michigan . shooting Sheriff : Michigan office shooting kills 1 , injures 2 POSTED : 1052 GMT ( 1852 HKT ) , April 10 , 2007 A Michigan man shot to death one person and injured two others Monday at the suburban Detroit accounting firm from which he was fired last week , police said . The suspect , 38 - year - old Anthony LaCalamita , was "deliberately seeking out these individuals , " according to Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck . A female receptionist died and two men , believed to be "management level employees , " underwent surgery for gunshot wounds at Royal Oak Beaumont Hospital , Scherlinck said . A 50 - year - old man from Dexter , Michigan , tipped off authorities to LaCalamita's location after hearing a description of the suspect's vehicle - - a 2007 silver Ford Fusion - - on the radio . The man , who did not want to be identified , called 911 when he realized the vehicle directly next to him matched the description on the radio , according to Genesee County Sheriff Robert Pickell . Police attempted to stop the vehicle as it entered Vienna township , but LaCalamita would not pull over , Pickell said . LaCalamita drove across several counties , at speeds up to 120 miles per hour , surrendering only after authorities boxed in his car on Interstate 75 in Saginaw , Michigan . He surrendered "peacefully and without incident , " Pickell said . Upon arrest , police seized a shotgun and several shells , he said . LaCalamita is being held in the Genesee County jail and is expected to be handed over to the Detroit police . A Web site for the public accounting firm Gordon Advisors in the building lists LaCalamita as an employee . "We heard gunshots . . . . We're on the third floor , barricaded in , " Bill Adgate , who works for LPL Financial in the office building , told CNN affiliate WDIV - TV as the search went on for the gunman . "We put a conference table in front of the front door with a bunch of chairs , " Adgate told WDIV , a Detroit station . "We have four entrances - - three entrances to our offices . We put file cabinets and things of that nature in front of it . " Monday's shooting follows two last week in public places in Atlanta , Georgia , and Seattle , Washington . In Atlanta's CNN Center on Tuesday , police say a man shot to death his former girlfriend just downstairs from the center's Omni Hotel and outside the CNN . com newsroom . On Monday on the Seattle campus of the University of Washington , a gunman killed his former girlfriend and then himself . In early March , a gunman shot and wounded three people at a printing facility near Los Angeles , California , before killing himself . Police said he was a disgruntled employee of the facility in Signal Hill , California . In February , a gunman killed five people and injured several others at a shopping mall in Salt Lake City , Utah , before an off - duty policeman killed the shooter .

18_2ecb.xml
A 61-year-old Vancouver man was charged yesterday in connection with the fatal shooting of his former boss at an office Christmas party . Eric Allen Kirkpatrick faces one count of first-degree murder , Vancouver police said . It was unclear when he would appear in court to answer to the charge . The victim , Benjamin David Banky , 40 , of Vancouver was gunned down Friday when a man showed up at the Christmas party with a gun . The man `` had a firearm with him . He shot one man fatally right away , '' said Vancouver police spokesperson Tim Fanning . The business where the shooting occurred is listed as TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier . Kirkpatrick was let go by his employer last Thursday , Fanning said , but he did not know how long the suspect had worked at the business . The other people at the office party were able to escape without injury , Fanning said . `` The shock was tremendous , but all the other people in the business - and there were another dozen other people who were there for a Christmas party - managed to get out safely , '' Fanning said . Police were called immediately , and surrounded the building , Fanning said . What followed was a tense two hours while police negotiated the suspect 's exit from the building . It 's not known what kind of firearm was involved . Luke Pigeon , who lives in an apartment next door , said he did n't hear a gunshot but saw a woman fleeing the building next door . `` All I saw was a ... lady running down the block screaming , '' Pigeon said . He said she ran into a nearby auto repair shop where she apparently called for help . Police were on the scene within minutes .

18_2ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news nation 2007 - 04 - 09 - office - shooting _ N . htm 1 dead , 2 hurt in Mich . office shooting ; police say suspect had worked there Updated 4 9 2007 6 : 04 PM A man suspected of shooting three people at an accounting firm where he had worked was arrested a few hours later after a high - speed chase , authorities said . One victim died in the Monday morning attack . Police said they had located Anthony LaCalamita , 38 , of Troy on Interstate 75 , north of the suburban Detroit office building where the shootings took place . ON DEADLINE : Live updates and local coverage Sheriff's deputies and state police chased him at speeds of more than 100 mph before he finally pulled over after about 15 minutes , Genesee County Undersheriff James Gage said . "He probably realized if he didn't , he was going to be shot , " Gage said . He said LaCalamita was being brought to Genesee County , since it was the arresting agency . Officers found a gun in the vehicle matching the description of the one used in the shootings , Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck said . Some witnesses told police that when the shooter walked into the office on the building's second floor around 10 a . m . Monday , he looked as if he was trying to hide something , Troy Police Chief Charles Craft said . Police couldn't say how many shots were fired . "I'm not positive all three of the people were targeted , but there appeared to be some purpose , " Craft said . The families of the two wounded men requested "total privacy , " and the hospital would not release any details about their conditions , Beaumont Hospital spokeswoman Ilene Wolfe said . She said the third victim died on the way to the hospital . LaCalamita was listed among the professional staff on the website of Gordon Advisors , a public accounting and business consulting firm in the building . Calls to Gordon Advisors were not answered Monday afternoon , and a recording said the offices were closed . Scherlinck described the shooter as a former employee of one of the offices who might have been terminated as recently as a week ago . The man was armed with a long gun , either a shotgun or a rifle , Scherlinck said . The 170 , 000 - square - foot building houses a number of businesses , including law offices and the accounting firm where the shooting was believed to have occurred . Police at first told workers to stay in their offices but a short time later evacuated the building , about 15 miles north of Detroit . Bill Adgate , who works at LPL Financial inside the building , said he had hunkered down inside the office for a couple of hours with furniture pushed up against the door . He said police told the group to stay put until officers allowed them to leave . "It's tough . I want to get out , " Adgate said by telephone .

18_3ecb.xml
A man has been charged with first-degree murder after a shooting at an office Christmas party in Vancouver Friday . Police allege Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , 61 , opened fire at the TallGrass Distribution Ltd Christmas party , killing Benjamin David Banky , 40 . Banky was the CEO of TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health products company . At least a dozen employees had been celebrating when the gunman , who had been recently laid off , entered the party and began firing a gun , according to Vancouver Police spokesperson Const. Tim Fanning . The other partygoers managed to escape unharmed . `` The shock was tremendous but all the other people in the business - and there another dozen other people who were there for a Christmas party - managed to get out safely , '' Fanning said . Police locked down the neighbourhood before the suspect turned himself in around 6 p.m . Police said Kirkpatrick was let go on Dec. 11 . A resident who lives in a nearby apartment building told The Canadian Press that he did not hear gunshots , but saw a woman run from the party and into a nearby auto repair shop , where it appears she called for help . `` All of a sudden in my front yard there were five totally decked out , geared up riot squad officers with guns out of the holster , aiming at the second floor of the building right beside us , '' Luke Pigeon said . `` I tried to open up my door and they said close your door , lock your door . '' Mark Pinder told The Canadian Press that police ordered a group of film studio employees into the basement of their building , which was across the street from the party . The group was just about to celebrate the completion of a project when police came knocking , he said . `` People grabbed a couple of bowls of chips and dip and we just sort of moved the party downstairs , '' Pinder said . `` Some people seemed quite concerned but there was n't anyone freaking out or crying . Everyone was calling their family and making sure that people knew they were OK . '' Pigeon said police spent about two hours negotiating with the suspect before bringing him into custody . `` They cuffed him on the ground and they took him into a cruiser , '' he said . `` He was giving them a bit of grief , he was saying that his cuffs hurt , but he was following orders . '' Employees who had been at the party at the time of the shooting are receiving counselling from the Vancouver police victim 's services team . `` I can not emphasize enough how traumatic this would have been for the people in there to see one of their co-workers gunned down , so we 're going to do all we can to help these people though a very , very difficult time , '' Fanning said .

18_3ecbplus.xml
http : voices . yahoo . com troy - michigan - office - shooting - follow - 1 - dead - 2 - injured - 294072 . html ? cat=8 Troy , Michigan Office Shooting Follow - Up - 1 Dead , 2 Injured , and Suspect Caught Apr 12 , 2007 "A man suspected of shooting three people , killing one , at an accounting firm where was fired last week was arrested after a high - speed chase a few hours after the Monday morning attack , authorities said . Police said they had located Anthony LaCalamita , 38 , on Interstate 75 , north of the suburban Detroit office building where the shootings took place . Sheriff's deputies and state police chased him for 30 miles , including through a construction zone , at speeds up to 120 mph before he finally pulled over after about 15 minutes , Genesee County Sheriff Robert J . Pickell said . 'He probably realized if he didn't , he was going to be shot , ' Undersheriff James Gage said . LaCalamita said nothing after officers surrounded him , Pickell said , describing the suspect as 'subdued . Very , very , very subdued . ' Officers found a 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three live shells in the vehicle , Pickell said . Witnesses said the shooter used a shotgun or a rifle , Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck said . " ( Fox News article ) The suspect was finally apprehended after a high - speed chase on Interstate 75 . He was finally stopped near the Saginaw County and Bay County border . Evidence found in the vehicle points to having apprehended the correct suspect . "Officers found a gun in the vehicle matching the description of the one used in the shootings , Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck said . Some witnesses told police that when the shooter walked into the office on the building's second floor around 10 a . m . Monday , he looked as if he was trying to hide something , Troy Police Chief Charles Craft said . Police couldn't say how many shots were fired . 'I'm not positive all three of the people were targeted , but there appeared to be some purpose , ' Craft said . The families of the two wounded men requested 'total privacy , ' and the hospital would not release any details about their conditions , Beaumont Hospital spokeswoman Ilene Wolfe said . She said the third victim died on the way to the hospital . LaCalamita was listed among the professional staff on the website of Gordon Advisors , a public accounting and business consulting firm in the building . Calls to Gordon Advisors were not answered Monday afternoon , and a recording said the offices were closed . " ( USA Today article ) Local evening news in Michigan originally reported that two of the three victims died . The subsequent car chase tied up traffic on the I - 75 corridor in Flint , Saginaw , and Bay City , Michigan for quite some time .

18_4ecb.xml
A former employee recently let go from his job opened fire at an office Christmas party Friday , killing one person , police said . `` The suspect , a 61-year-old man , entered the business , which had at least a dozen people inside enjoying a Christmas party , `` police said in a statement . Police Const. Tim Fanning said the gunman entered the party around 4 p.m . One man was shot and killed but the other partygoers managed to escape and no one else was injured . `` Police 'locked down ' the neighborhood and negotiated with the suspect , who gave himself up to police just after 6 : 00 p.m. , '' Fanning said in the statement . The business at the location of the shooting is listed as TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier . Luke Pigeon , who lives in an apartment building next door , said he did n't hear a gunshot but heard a commotion outside his window . `` It was n't typical , crazy noise that sometimes happens . You got the feeling there was something definitely , definitely wrong , '' Pigeon told The Canadian Press . He looked out his window and saw someone fleeing the building next door . `` All of a sudden in my front yard there were five totally decked out , geared up riot squad officers with guns out of the holster , aiming at the second floor of the building right beside us , '' Pigeon said . He spent the next two hours in his apartment , with armed officers about 10 feet from his front window as police tried to negotiate with the suspect . Finally , he heard activity as the gunman gave himself up . `` They cuffed him on the ground and they took him into a cruiser , '' he said . `` He was giving them a bit of grief , he was saying that his cuffs hurt . '' Police said the victim 's name would not be released until next of kin had been notified . They said the name of the suspect would be released after he is formally charged .

18_4ecbplus.xml
http : voices . yahoo . com breaking - news - three - people - shot - office - shooting - 292999 . html ? cat=8 Breaking News - Three People Shot in Office Shooting in Suburban Detroit Apr 9 , 2007 There is breaking news out of Troy , Michigan , a suburb of Detroit . "A gunman shot three people at a suburban Detroit office building Monday morning , and officers were searching for the shooter , police said . The victims' conditions weren't immediately known , said Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck . A spokeswoman for Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak said the three victims were taken to the hospital but could not provide more details . Witnesses told Detroit broadcast stations that the shooter was a former employee of an accounting firm inside the building . " ( Yahoo ! News article ) At this time , there is no information on the whereabouts of the shooter . However , there is additional information detailing the scene of the crime . "The 170 , 000 - square - foot building houses a number of businesses , including law offices , a State Farm insurance office and C&G Accounting , where the shooting was believed to have occurred . Police at first told workers to stay in their offices but a short time later evacuated the building . Police in bulletproof vests and with guns could be seen going into the building , and people from inside could later be seen walking quickly out through a parking lot . The office building is about 15 miles north of Detroit . ( CNN News Article ) While both Yahoo ! News and CNN News aren't reporting additional information regarding the suspect and the situation , Fox News is . "Troy Police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck told FOX News that it's unknown if the shooter is still in the building or if he escaped but the car police believe he arrived at the building in no longer is in the parking lot . 'We're actively looking for him and the vehicle , ' he said shortly before noon EDT . 'There's an active search for this suspect . ' The suspect's name is Anthony Calamita and he was described by police as a 5 foot , 8 inch 38 - year - old male weighing 180 pounds , with short black hair parted on the side , wearing a dark brown or blue sweater and navy pants . Witnesses told Local FOX affiliate WJBK in Detroit there were sounds of gunfire around 10 : 30 a . m . Employees of the building told WJBK that the shooter was a former disgruntled employee who brought a rifle into the building . His picture was passed out to officers on the scene . The suspect's car was described as a silver 2007 Ford Fusion with the license plate BEY 0843 . " ( Fox News article ) Additional information will follow as more details of the incident become known . It is unclear as to the nature of the dispute .

18_5ecb.xml
A former employee who opened fire at an office Christmas party killing one man , has been charged with first-degree murder , police said Saturday . Constable Tim Fanning allege the recently-fired man , Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , 61 , opened fire at a Vancouver office Friday , killing Benjamin David Banky , 40 . Fanning said the gunman , entered the party of at least a dozen people around 4:00 p.m . One man was shot and killed but the other partygoers managed to escape and no one else was injured . `` Police 'locked down ' the neighborhood and negotiated with the suspect , who gave himself up to police just after 6:00 p.m. , '' Fanning said in a statement . The business at the location of the shooting is listed as TallGrass Distribution Ltd. , a natural health product supplier . Luke Pigeon , who lives in an apartment building next door , said he did n't hear a gunshot but heard noise outside his window . `` It was n't typical , crazy noise that sometimes happens . You got the feeling there was something definitely , definitely wrong , `` Pigeon told The Canadian Press . He looked out his window and saw someone fleeing the building next door . `` All of a sudden in my front yard there were five totally decked out , geared up riot squad officers with guns out of the holster , aiming at the second floor of the building right beside us , '' Pigeon said . After two hours , he said , the gunman gave himself up and police cuffed him .

18_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnews . com id 18022825 ns us _ news - crime _ and _ courts t gunman - kills - wounds - accounting - office Gunman kills 1 , wounds 2 at accounting office Suspect had been fired last week by Troy , Mich . , company An accounting firm employee who was fired last week shot and killed a woman and wounded two men Monday at the suburban Detroit building where he worked , then led officers on a high - speed chase , police said . Hours after the shooting , a motorist 50 miles north of Detroit spotted a vehicle described on radio reports and notified authorities , touching off a 30 - mile pursuit that passed through a construction zone and reached speeds of 120 mph , officials said . Anthony LaCalamita III , 38 , said nothing after officers surrounded him , Genesee County Sheriff Robert J . Pickell said . Officers found a 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three live shells in the vehicle , but LaCalamita as “ subdued . Very , very , very subdued , ” the sheriff said . LaCalamita ’ s calmness at the conclusion belied a frantic mid - morning at the offices of Gordon Advisors , a 40 - to 50 - employee company where workers had been busy preparing tax returns . 'Pop , pop , pop' “ We heard pop , pop , pop , ” smelled gunpowder and heard co - workers yelling , said Jean Larson , 48 , a staff accountant for G&C , a subsidiary of Gordon Advisors . “ I heard one employee screaming , ‘ He ’ s got a gun . He ’ s got a gun . ’ . . . It was a panic . No one knew what to do . No one knew where to go . ” After briefly assembling in the employee lunchroom , some employees opted to hole up inside individual offices . Larson joined two female co - workers , barricading the locked door with chairs , turning off the lights and silencing their cell phones . Beneath a desk , the three curled up and kept quiet . “ I was just so scared , ” Larson said . “ I just kept thinking , ‘ This can ’ t be happening . ” ’ Police said the person killed was a 63 - year - old woman from Warren but would not name her . A message posted Monday afternoon on the accounting firm ’ s Web site said the office would be closed Tuesday in memory of Madeline Kafoury . Retiree had returned part - time Larson said Kafoury was well - known and well - liked . She said Kafoury retired last year following the conclusion of tax season , but returned part - time this year after her successor quit . Troy Police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck identified the other victims as a 47 - year - old man and a 48 - year - old man . Wolfe said the families of the wounded men requested privacy , and the hospital would not release any details about their conditions . “ I ’ m not positive all three of the people were targeted but there appeared to be some purpose , ” Troy Police Chief Charles Craft said . LaCalamita was being held on charges of fleeing and eluding police and was expected to be charged Tuesday in the shooting . LaCalamita was fired last week , Craft said , but still was listed on the Web site of Gordon Advisors . Calls made to Gordon were not answered , and a recording said the offices were closed .

18_6ecb.xml
61-year-old Vancouver man charged with first-degree murder after company CEO gunned down at office holiday party Employees at a Vancouver wholesaler were coping Saturday with the death of their boss , who was gunned down at their office Christmas party . Terrified workers ran screaming from building after a gunman opened fire at the party the day before . A woman ran screaming from the office of TallGrass Distribution after four loud pops were heard in the quiet Vancouver street , said Faud Ali , owner of Fiji Islands Auto Repair , a business on the same street . Terrified that her sister was trapped in the office where a hooded gunman was pacing about , agitated , the woman ran to the auto shop to call police , Mr. Ali said Saturday . In the office she and about a dozen coworkers had just fled , Benjamin David Banky , 40 , the CEO of TallGrass , lay dead . Looking through the windows across the street , Mr. Ali told The Canadian Press he could see a man striding back and forth , holding what looked like a firearm . `` We saw the guy moving inside the office , '' Mr. Ali said . `` He was just going back and forth . After the shots , he just put the lights off . `` It is terrifying . I still feel shaky when I talk about it . `` I just keep saying I can not believe this , I can not believe this . '' Police quickly responded and surrounded the building . After two hours , a man surrendered . TallGrass , a wholesaler of natural health products , issued a statement Saturday evening saying it was `` deeply saddened by the tragic death of our president and CEO , Ben Banky . '' It described Mr. Banky as `` a compassionate and dedicated leader who will be sadly missed . '' The statement said Mr. Banky co-founded the company 12 years ago . It said the company would have no further comment while the police investigation continues . A 61-year-old Vancouver man - Eric Allen Kirkpatrick - was charged Saturday with one count of first-degree murder in connection with the shooting , Vancouver police said . Vancouver Police spokesman Constable Tim Fanning said the suspect had been let go from TallGrass on Thursday . He did n't know how long the suspect had worked at the business . The other people at the office party were able to escape without injury , Const. Fanning said . `` The shock was tremendous but all the other people in the business - and a dozen other people who were there for a Christmas party - managed to get out safely , '' Const. Fanning said . The shocked party-goers were put on buses and taken to police headquarters where witness statements were taken , he said . He said counsellors have been made available to them . `` I can not emphasize enough how traumatic this would have been for the people in there to see one of their co-workers gunned down , so we 're going to do all we can to help these people though a very , very difficult time , '' Const. Fanning said . Police were called immediately and surrounded the building , Const. Fanning said . `` We determined that there was nobody else in the building , just our victim , who was deceased , and the suspect , '' Const. Fanning said . What followed was a tense two hours while police negotiated with a suspect to give himself up . It 's not known what kind of firearm was involved . Luke Pigeon , who lives in an apartment building next door , said he did n't hear a gunshot but was drawn to his window by a commotion outside . `` It was n't typical , crazy noise that sometimes happens . You got the feeling there was something definitely , definitely wrong , '' Mr. Pigeon told The Canadian Press . He looked out the window and saw a woman fleeing the building next door . `` All I saw was a ... lady running down the block screaming , '' Mr. Pigeon said . He said she ran into the auto repair shop and in what seemed like mere minutes , police were on the scene . `` All of a sudden , in my front yard there were five totally decked out , geared up riot squad officers with guns out of the holster , aiming at the second floor of the building right beside us , '' Mr. Pigeon said . `` I tried to open up my door and they said 'close your door , lock your door . '' ' He spent the next two hours in his apartment , as police negotiated and finally persuaded a suspect to surrender . `` They cuffed him on the ground and they took him into a cruiser , '' Mr. Pigeon said . `` He was giving them a bit of grief , he was saying that his cuffs hurt , but he was following orders . '' Mr. Pigeon also commended police for their handling of the dangerous situation . `` They managed to stop any further loss of life . '' Mark Pinder was working at a film studio across the street when a police officer banged at his window . `` I did n't realize it was a police officer right away because he was a plainclothes officer , '' Mr. Pinder said . `` But then I saw that he had a weapon drawn . '' The officer told Mr. Pinder to get everyone in the basement . Mr. Pinder and his fellow employees were just about to begin a party to celebrate the completion of a show they 'd been working on . `` People grabbed a couple of bowls of chips and dip and we just sort of moved the party downstairs , '' Mr. Pinder said . `` Some people seemed quite concerned but there was n't anyone freaking out or crying , '' Mr. Pinder said . `` Everyone was calling their family and making sure that people knew that they were okay . '' Work place killings are rare , police say . `` It 's something no business can prepare for , '' Const. Fanning said .

18_6ecbplus.xml
http : blog . mlive . com grpress 2008 04 jury _ finds _ suspect _ in _ troy _ off . html Jury finds suspect in Troy office shooting guilty on April 30 , 2008 at 4 : 31 AM , updated April 30 , 2008 at 8 : 33 AM A jury on Tuesday convicted a man charged in an April 2007 shooting at a Troy accounting firm that left a receptionist dead and two managing partners wounded . Anthony LaCalamita III was found guilty of first - degree murder and assault with intent to murder in the shotgun slaying of 63 - year - old Madeline Kafoury and assault with intent to kill in the shootings of Paul Riva and Alan Steinberg at the accounting firm . Defense attorney Jerome Fenton argued LaCalamita's extensive history of mental illness was to blame . Assistant Oakland County Prosecutor Rob Novy said the 39 - year - old Troy man shot his former co - workers because he was furious over his firing four days earlier .

18_7ecb.xml
A just- fired employee of a Canadian health products company crashed the office Christmas party in Vancouver , killing the chief executive officer , police said . Vancouver police identified the victim of the Friday night shooting at the TallGrass Distributors Ltd . Christmas party as Benjamin Banky , 40 , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reported . Police said Eric Allen Kirkpatrick , 61 , surrendered after two hours of negotiations with police and was charged Saturday with first-degree murder , the CBC reported . Kirkpatrick had been dismissed from his job Thursday . Authorities said they did not know how long he had worked at TallGrass or the reasons for his termination . Other employees of TallGrass Distributors Ltd. escaped unharmed , The Vancouver Sun reported . `` A man who apparently had just been let go from his job there came in , shot and killed another man , '' Police Constable Tim Fanning said . `` Our negotiators got on the phone with him right away , and fortunately were able to talk him down from his very , very excited and upset state . '' Police blocked the street in the Mount Pleasant neighborhood . Employees of other companies in the area were asked to stay where they were until the surrendered . TallGrass distributes products based on hemp , including Body Dope , a brand of skincare products .

18_7ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news nation 2007 - 04 - 11 - office - shooting _ N . htm Mich . accountant charged with murder in office shootings Updated 4 11 2007 1 : 26 PM A fired accountant accused of wounding two former bosses in a shotgun attack and killing a receptionist who tried to stop him was arraigned Wednesday on murder and other charges . Anthony LaCalamita III , 38 , had been arrested following a high - speed chase a few hours after the Monday morning shootings at Gordon Advisors in suburban Detroit . During his arraignment Wednesday , authorities described what witnesses saw inside the offices that morning . LaCalamita was hiding the gun when he walked into accounting firm offices , stopped briefly at the reception desk and then entered Alan Steinberg's office , Troy police Sgt . Barry Whiteside testified . Steinberg , a partner in the firm , told police LaCalamita loaded a shell into the shotgun's chamber and shot him in the hip , then walked toward the office of Paul Riva , another partner . When receptionist Madeline Kafoury tried to stop him at Riva's door , the gunman fatally shot her in the midsection , Whiteside said . LaCalamita then fired at Riva , hitting him in the upper chest , and left the building , Whiteside said . Riva had yet to regain consciousness Wednesday and was on a ventilator , police said . As Whiteside talked in court , Kafoury's adult daughter sobbed uncontrollably . "She wasn't just a receptionist . . . . She was our mom and the grandmother of our children , " Kafoury's son , Charlie , said after the hearing . "She was an essential point of our lives . " Not guilty pleas were entered on LaCalamita's behalf to charges of first - degree murder , intent to murder , possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony and fleeing and eluding police . Asked by the judge if he understood the charges against him and if he was aware that he could be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted of first - degree murder , he responded "Yes . " The judge ordered him held without bail pending his next court hearing April 19 . Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck said Riva and Steinberg appeared to have been the targets in the shootings . LaCalamita had been fired last Thursday as a general accountant at the firm and bought a shotgun and shells on Friday , Scherlinck said . He said police found a box consistent with one that would hold a shotgun , as well as empty shell boxes , in a Dumpster outside LaCalamita's apartment Monday evening . When LaCalamita was arrested , police said they found a 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three shells in his vehicle . Matthew Roth , executive staff attorney for the prosecutor's office , said his office had not been told if LaCalamita or his family had retained a lawyer . LaCalamita is married , but his wife , Michele , released a statement saying they had been separated for about three weeks . According to real estate records obtained by The Associated Press , the couple during the past year actively bought and sold suburban homes . Records list Michele LaCalamita as the owner of all four . Riva , 47 , of Sterling Heights and Steinberg , 48 , of Macomb County's Bruce Township , were being treated at Beaumont Hospital , where spokeswoman Ilene Wolff said the families of the wounded men asked that their conditions and other information not be released . Gordon Advisors issued a statement Tuesday expressing condolences to the families of the victims . "We are especially devastated by the death of Madeline Kafoury and our hearts go out to her family . Maddie was revered by clients , employees and owners alike , " the statement said . "We express our gratitude to our employees for their bravery on Monday and for their support in the days to come . "

18_8ecb.xml
One man is dead after an ex-employee opened fire at his company 's Christmas party at a Vancouver , B.C. business Friday night . Just past 4 p.m. Friday , Vancouver Police received a call of a man being shot at 40 East 5th Ave. at a business called Tall Grass Distribution Limited . Police say a recently laid off employee opened fire shortly after entering the party , killing one male employee. At least a dozen workers were at the party at the time . A 61-year-old man surrendered to police shortly after 6 p.m . He is currently in custody and his identity will not be released until charges are formally laid . Police locked down the busy neighbourhood for almost three hours while they negotiated with the suspect , directing traffic away from Ontario Street . Employees at the party have been questioned by police and have been shuttled out by bus for further investigation . Police say they are receiving counseling from its Victim Services Unit . Employees at neighbouring businesses were forced to hide inside their offices during the shooting . The name of the deceased will not be released until next of kin are notified .

18_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . accountingweb . com topic watchdog fired - accountant - goes - shooting - spree Fired Accountant Goes on Shooting Spree on Apr 12 2007 A fired accountant bought a shotgun the day after he lost his job , then returned to the office the following week and opened fire on his bosses , wounding both and killing a receptionist , the Associated Press reported . Troy , Mich . police said Anthony LaCalamita III , 38 , targeted two managers and also may have intended to shoot another one . "There is a suspicion that there might have been a third upper management official he was seeking , " said Troy police Lt . Gerry Scherlinck . The man , whom police did not identify , was not in the office at the time of the attack . LaCalamita had been fired last Thursday as a general accountant at the firm and bought a shotgun and shells on Friday , Scherlinck said . He said police found a box consistent with one that would hold a shotgun , as well as empty shell boxes , in a Dumpster outside LaCalamita's apartment Monday evening . When LaCalamita was arrested , police said they found a 12 - gauge pump - action shotgun and three shells in his vehicle . Scherlinck said LaCalamita had been denied a handgun permit in March but it wasn't clear why . Anthony LaCalamita III , 38 , had been arrested following a high - speed chase shortly after the Monday morning shootings at Gordon Advisors in suburban Detroit . During LaCalamita's arraignment , authorities described what witnesses saw inside the accounting firm's offices that morning . LaCalamita walked in around 10 a . m . , stopped briefly at the reception desk , then entered Alan Steinberg's office with the shotgun , Troy police Sgt . Barry Whiteside testified . Steinberg , a partner in the firm , later told police LaCalamita loaded a shell into the shotgun's chamber and fired at him , hitting him in the hip area . He then walked toward the office of Paul Riva , another partner . Receptionist Madeline Kafoury was standing in the doorway of Riva's office , and the gunman fatally shot her in the midsection , Whiteside said . LaCalamita shot Riva in the upper chest , then left the building , Whiteside said . He was gone when officers swarmed the office building and began evacuating other workers , then was arrested a few hours later after a chase on a nearby interstate . Riva had yet to regain consciousness Wednesday and was on a ventilator , police said . LaCalamita is charged with first - degree murder in the death of Kafoury , 63 , and intent to murder in the shootings of Riva , 47 , and Steinberg , 48 . He also is charged with possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony and fleeing and eluding police . A not guilty plea was entered on LaCalamita's behalf during the hearing . Asked by the judge if he understood the charges against him and if he was aware that he could be sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted of first - degree murder , he responded "Yes . " The judge ordered him held without bail pending his next court hearing April 19 . The judge said he would appoint a lawyer for LaCalamita . He did not have a representative in court Wednesday . LaCalamita is married , but his wife , Michele , released a statement saying they had been separated for about three weeks . According to real estate records obtained by The Associated Press , the couple during the past year actively bought and sold suburban homes . Records list Michele LaCalamita as the owner of all four . Riva and Steinberg were being treated at Beaumont Hospital , where spokeswoman Ilene Wolff said the families of the wounded men asked that their conditions and other information not be released .

18_9ecb.xml
A former employee walked into a staff Christmas party at an east Vancouver health products business Friday and allegedly shot and killed a man . Police said they were called to Tallgrass Distributors Ltd. , at 40 East Fifth Avenue. , where a 61-year-old man carrying a firearm had confronted the crowd . Const. Tim Fanning said the man , who had recently lost his job at Tallgrass , walked into the party and pointed the gun at the victim . He then let about a dozen employees leave before holing up inside the office building with the victim . Hostage negotiators were called in to get the man out of the building . He finally surrendered at 6 p.m. and was arrested . Fanning could n't say if anyone else was in the building at the time , but said no one else was injured . Police used a neighbouring office as a base for the negotiations . Nigel Hacker , who runs Intarsia Design out of a heritage home at 2016 Ontario , said he was in his office waiting for people to attend a meeting at about 4 : 20 p.m . He looked outside to see the street cordoned off . Police set up shop at the office and began trying to coax the gunman out of the building around the corner at 40 East 5th Avenue . `` There was someone in the building and they were trying to get him out , '' Hacker said . `` I tried not to listen . '' But he caught the tone of the conversation . `` It was n't emotional from this end , '' he said . `` Everything seemed under control. They did a great job . '' Just before 7 p.m. Friday , the lights were still blazing at the two-storey 1950s-style office building , which was decorated with a Christmas tree and Santas made of cotton wool . Early on , about a dozen police officers milled about outside securing the building , while others blocked nearby intersections and directed traffic away from Ontario Street . A Coast Mountain bus was called in to collect witnesses , TransLink spokesman Drew Snider said . Offices around the neighbourhood were shut down , with staff either told to stay indoors or escorted outside to their cars or other transport . Lorin Pearce , an executive assistant at Focus Audio Visual Services on West Fifth , said she saw what appeared to be a police officer with a gun at the corner of Fifth and Ontario . She did n't know the focus of the police attention , but said the corner is home to several businesses . When some employees tried to leave , they were told by police to stay inside the office until further notice , she said around 5 : 30 p.m . `` A couple of us tried to exit and they said , 'Please go back inside , ' '' Pearce said , adding she was not afraid for her own safety . Staff at Fiji Island Auto , across the street from Tallgrass , were told to close shop at 5:30 p.m. and were escorted by police off the premises . Down the street , John Christie , head of house production for Paperny Films at Fifth and Quebec , said employees were planning to hold an office party upstairs when someone heard shots fired and the police came knocking at their door . `` We have been asked by the police to stay away from the windows and we 've been forced to go downstairs , '' Christie said . `` We 're having an office party anyway so we 're just staying out of the way , undercover . If we 're in a lockdown , at least we have beers and pizza . '' Christie said the police , who placed an undercover officer at Paperny 's front door , were n't pleased when some office workers fled through the back alley to get home . An employee of another nearby business , Relaxus Massage Products , said staff were escorted to their cars by police so they could go home . TallGrass claims it is the fastest-growing natural-health-product supplier to the Natural Health Industry in Canada . It was originally called Tallgrass Hemp Company , and supplied a variety of products based on the hemp plant , including Body Dope , a line of hair- and skin-care products made with hemp and other botanicals . Products also include shampoo , conditioner , therapeutic lotion and soap

18_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2007 04 10 us 10revenge . html ? _ r=0 Shooting at Accounting Firm Leaves Woman Dead and 2 Hurt Published : April 10 , 2007 A man who was fired last week from his job at an accounting firm in suburban Detroit walked into his former office with a shotgun on Monday and shot three people , killing one , before fleeing and leading police officers on a high - speed chase , the authorities said . The suspect , identified as Anthony LaCalamita , entered the second - floor office of the accounting firm , Gordon Advisors , about 10 a . m . and opened fire , the police said . A 63 - year - old woman and two men , ages 47 and 48 , were shot , the police said . The woman , identified by the police as Madeline Kafoury , died at the scene , the authorities said . The two other victims were being treated at Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak . Ilene Wolff , a spokeswoman for the hospital , said that their families had requested privacy , and that the hospital was not releasing any information about their condition or the nature of their injuries . Though the police declined to release the names of the two men , The Detroit Free Press identified them as Paul Riva , 47 , of Sterling Heights and Alan Steinberg , 48 , of Bruce Township . Both are partners in the firm , the newspaper reported . Mr . LaCalamita , 38 , who was still listed on the firm ’ s Web site as a member of its “ professional staff , ” had been dismissed last week , the police said . Though they would not say what his relationship was with any of the victims or what led to the shootings , “ it doesn ’ t appear it was random , ” the Troy police chief , Charles Craft , said . Officers and witnesses described a chaotic scene immediately after the shooting as workers barricaded themselves in their cubicles and offices . A few hours later , some employees gathered outside the building but would not speak to reporters . The three - story office building houses other tenants in addition to the accounting firm , and appeared to have no formal security system , Chief Craft said . He said witnesses told the police that Mr . LaCalamita had walked into the building and into the firm ’ s unlocked suite as though he were concealing something . Mr . LaCalamita fled in his car before officers arrived , but witnesses took note of the license plate number , the authorities said . About two hours after the shooting , officers received a tip from a motorist in Flint , about 50 miles north of here , on the whereabouts of the car . Police officers chased Mr . LaCalamita for about 30 miles at speeds of up to 120 miles an hour on Interstate 75 before apprehending him near Bay City .

