19_10ecb.xml
Fresh wave of rioting hits Greece There 's been more rioting in Greece in protest at the death of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos . The teenager was shot and killed by police in Athens eight days ago , triggering violent protests which have spread across the country . The teenager was shot and killed by police in Athens eight days ago , triggering violent protests which have spread across the country . The latest trouble began as protestors gathered in the capital city to target the station where the policeman charged with Alexandros ' murder was based . Earlier , several peaceful services had been held to remember the teenager . Advice if you 're upset by the news At least 70 people have been hurt in the protests over the past eight days . As the riots have continued , more and more people have been calling for the Greek Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis and his government to quit . But Mr Karamanlis says he will not be pushed out by the protestors .

19_10ecbplus.xml
http : gothamist . com 2013 03 11 dozens _ riot _ over _ nypds _ fatal _ shooti . php Dozens "Riot" Over NYPD's Fatal Shooting Of Brooklyn Teen Yesterday , the police explained that officers shot and killed a 16 - year - old Kimani Gray in Brooklyn because he allegedly pointed a gun at the cops . However , his relatives are skeptical of the police account—his sister Mahnefah Gray said , "He has common sense . . . They killed my little brother for no reason . " Tonight , a crowd gathered to mourn his death—and protest police treatment . Police said two Brooklyn South Anti Crime plainclothes officers had been on patrol when they noticed young males near 473 East 52nd Street . According to the NYPD's statement , the cops noticed one "break away from the group upon noticing the police . The male . . . adjusted his waistband and continued to act in a suspicious manner . The officers exited their unmarked auto and attempted to engage the suspect , who turned on them , and pointed a . 38 caliber revolver at the officers . Both officers fired at the suspect , striking him about the body . " A witness told the Daily News "The cops , they just jumped out of the car so fast , . They started shooting him and he went down , he was bleeding , holding his side , screaming , 'stop , stop . '" Another witness described the scene to PIX11 , "He was running for his life , telling the cops , 'Stop . ' They really are , seriously , walking around , shooting little kids . ” Tonight , a large crowd gathered to remember Gray , and it apparently became unruly as the crowd walked between the shooting location and the 67th Precinct at Snyder Avenue near Nostrand—there were reports that bottles were thrown at police officers . NBC New York estimated the crowd at 70 , and the Post says a crowd looted a Rite Aid . The manager said , "They poured in here like 40 or 50 of them . They pulled the registers off the counters , they flipped over everything . They punched me in the face . Several of them did , not just one [ person . ] It was insane . " City Council Member Jumaane Williams lamented that a "peaceful vigil that devolved into a riot . The youth in this community have no outlets for their anger , no community center . " NYPD spokesman Paul Browne had said yesterday , "After the anti - crime sergeant and police officer told the suspect to show his hands , which was heard by witnesses , Gray produced a revolver and pointed it at the officers , who fired a total of 11 rounds , striking Gray several times . " Police sources also told the News that "Gray has four prior arrests , including charges of grand larceny , possession of stolen property and inciting a riot . " Still , Gray's sister Mahnefah Gray said that a witness told her that Kimani was adjusting for his belt and that even if he had a gun , he wouldn't point it at the police . At this point ( 10 : 30 p . m . ) , the police said that the crowd has dispersed and that there was one arrest , with no injuries to police or civilians ( the Post says three people were injured ) .

19_11ecb.xml
More protests ahead in Greece Greek students announced new rallies on Sunday after another night of violence over the police shooting of a teenager . A police station in Athens was firebombed on Saturday night . It was next to the Exarchia district where Alexis Grigoropoulos , 15 , was killed by a police bullet on 6 December . The officer who fired the shot says he killed the boy accidentally in self-defence due to a bullet ricochet . A ballistics report is yet to be made public . Police said they made 86 arrests over the course of Saturday 's protests . Pamphlets announced rallies in front of the Athens police headquarters on Monday and in parliament square on Thursday . Opposition socialists are pressing for fresh elections . However , Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has dismissed calls to quit , saying the country needs `` a steady hand on the helm '' to deal with the current financial crisis .

19_11ecbplus.xml
http : beforeitsnews . com blogging - citizen - journalism 2013 03 riot - breaks - out - in - brooklyn - over - teen - shootilng - 2446148 . html Large Riot Breaks Out In Brooklyn During Vigil For Teen Shot 11 Times By Police Monday , March 11 , 2013 23 : 51 Police intervened when more than a hundred people joined in a candlelit vigil in the East Flatbush neighborhood in Brooklyn , New York , where 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot 11 times by police on Saturday , according to RussiaToday Brooklynites on Twitter reported that police followed the march and searched apartment buildings in the neighborhood without warrants , looking for children who had been seen throwing bottles at police from neighborhood rooftops . March participants chanted “ NYPD KKK how many kids will you kill today , ” people report from the scene . “ I ’ m in the middle of the riot action at Church and Snyder in my district . Right now , things are tense , ” New York City Councilman Jumaane D . Williams , who represents the area , said on Twitter . Sixteen - year - old Kimani Gray was shot and killed on Saturday night after , police say , pointing a gun at approaching cops . According to the officers involved in the shooting , the teenager adjusted his belt “ suspiciously , ” and after they exited their vehicle to investigate , he pointed a . 357 caliber revolver at them . Both officers fired at the suspect , hitting Gray eleven times in his torso and legs . Witnesses say Gray , who was running for his life when he was shot , did not have a gun . “ Stay down , or we ’ ll shoot you again , ” police said once Gray had been hit , according to The New York Times . After the shooting Gray was rushed to a hospital but was declared dead on arrival .

19_12ecb.xml
Ricochet killed Greek teenager INITIAL results from the post- mortem on a 15-year-old Greek boy whose killing by police sparked five days of rioting show Alexandros Grigoropoulos died from a bullet ricochet . According to forensic doctors and independent experts hired by the Grigoropoulos family , the bullet `` is a bit deformed , which showed the bullet touched a hard surface '' before entering the boy 's chest , court sources said last night . The news came as two police officers charged over the shooting prepared to go before a magistrate and riot police fired teargas at thousands of demonstrators advancing on the national parliament building in Athens . `` Now that we have these conclusions , which are in line with what my clients had indicated , they will give their statements to the judge , '' said Alexis Kouyias , the lawyer for policemen Epaminondas Korkoneas and Vassilis Saraliotis . Amid anger towards the police compounded by the unpopularity of the Government of Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis , Greece is still awaiting a final ballistics report expected to shed light on Mr Korkoneas 's statement that the bullet bounced up off a pavement after he had fired warning shots to disperse a mob . Alexandros was allegedly among a group of 30 youths that had thrown stones at the squad car in the Exarchia district of Athens , which is known as a stronghold of political radicals . Riot police fired teargas at youths throwing molotov cocktails outside parliament last night , as a general strike paralysed Greece and raised pressure on a fragile Government reeling from four days of riots sparked by the police shooting . The clashes escalated into running battles through the city centre , with riot police firing volleys of teargas at masked youths pelting them with rocks , bottles and blocks of marble smashed from the Athens metro station entrance . The youths smashed windows newly replaced after four days of the worst riots Greece has seen in decades . More than 10,000 people had been marching through central Athens to protest the conservative Government 's economic policies in a general strike that has shut down schools , public services and hospitals and grounded flights . Although the strike and demonstrations had been scheduled long before the riots broke out , they have taken on the added form of protest against the Government 's handling of the riots .

19_14ecb.xml
Fury at report clearing Greek police over death of schoolboy Greeks have reacted with fury to an official report which concluded a schoolboy whose death triggered riots across the country was killed by an accidental ricochet . The finding came as a nationwide strike paralysed Greece , with banks , schools and shops closed , flights in and out of the country halted and even the Parthenon barred to tourists . The fatal shooting of Alexis Grigoropoulos , 15 , on Saturday sparked five days of riots and demonstrations across Greece after witnesses claimed that the police officer deliberately took aim at the teenager . But the lawyer acting for the officer , who has been charged with murder , said that initial results from a post-mortem showed that the boy was accidentally hit by a ricochet . Forensic experts said the bullet was `` a bit deformed '' , suggesting that it had bounced off a hard surface before hitting Grigoropoulos in the chest . Lawyer Alexis Kougias said : `` This tragedy is the result ... of an act by the policeman to fire into the air . The bullet ricocheted , we have an entry wound from above . It proves irrefutably that it was a ricochet . '' But the tens of thousands of students who have taken to the streets of a dozen Greek cities this week have pointed out similarities to the case of another 15-year-old , Michalis Kaltezas , who was killed by an officer during a demonstration in Athens in 1985 . The officer accused of shooting him in the back of the head was initially convicted of murder but was later found innocent after an appeal . Anthony Livanios , a political analyst and pollster , said : `` People will not buy it and there 's a possibility that it will make things worse . It will be met with cynicism . Even if it 's true , which it might be , it will be seen as a cover-up . '' Protesters threw two petrol bombs at Athens 's main courthouse where the officer and his partner were questioned by a magistrate . They also attacked a television crew 's truck , injuring at least two people . In Athens ' main Constitution Square , where 10,000 gathered for an anti-government demonstration , riot police guarding parliament fired tear gas at demonstrators who attacked them with petrol bombs and cobblestones . Youths smashed windows which had only just been replaced from previous rioting . Students chanting `` Pigs ! Murderers ! '' clapped and cheered each time a riot policeman was hit by a rock . Business owners have accused the police of failing to protect their property as rioters rampaged through some of Athens ' best known shopping areas . Although police have responded when directly attacked , they stood back as gangs of youths smashed windows , torched rubbish bins and set light to cars . The cost of damage to shops and businesses in Athens alone was estimated by the Greek Commerce Confederation at about 200 million euros . `` In Athens , we had 565 shops suffering serious damage or being completely destroyed '' , said Vassilis Krokidis , vice president of the federation . Greece has entered a period of intense soul searching over the violence , the worst since the country 's military dictatorship was brought down in 1974 . `` There is acute shame and embarrassment about what has happened , '' said Mr Livanios . `` It is unacceptable that in 2008 , in a country which is a member of the EU and Nato , the government can not establish public order. Two weeks before Christmas , Athens looks like downtown Beirut . '' The prime minister , Costas Karamanlis , has ignored mounting calls for his resignation . An opinion poll for the respected Kathimerini newspaper found that 68 per cent of Greeks believe the government has mishandled the crisis including nearly half of respondents who voted for Mr Karamanlis ' conservative party in last year 's elections . `` For four days , Greece has surrendered itself to flames and anarchy , '' said an editorial in the conservative daily Eleftheros Typos . `` The volatile situation appears out of control , with the police appearing unable to deal with the situation. ... Politicians appear to have fallen dramatically short of the task at hand . ''

19_15ecb.xml
Greek police charged over boy 's death A GREEK police officer has been formally charged with voluntary homicide over the killing of a teenager that sparked nationwide riots , a court source said . Epaminondas Korkoneas , 37 , has also been charged with the `` illegal use `` of his service weapon over the killing of Alexis Grigoropoulos and was ordered to remain in custody by an Athens magistrate . The officer 's partner , Vassilios Saraliotis , 31 , was charged with being an accomplice and will also remain in custody , the same source said today . The pair have each been held since Monday . According to the charge sheet , Mr Korkoneas killed Grigoropoulos on Sunday during a clash with around 30 youths in the central Athens district of Exarchia , an incident which sparked this week 's violence . Under questioning , the court source said Mr Korkoneas indicated he had acted out of self defence when the group began throwing firebombs and other objects while shouting they `` were going to kill them '' . The officer said that he took out his revolver and fired two or three times in the air out of self defence and that he had not aimed his gun at the victim who died from a ricochet . Ballistics tests conducted in the wake of the 15-year-old 's post-mortem reportedly showed the shooting may have been caused by a ricochet bullet , legal sources earlier said . According to forensic experts and independent experts acting for the Grigoropoulos family , the bullet `` is a bit deformed , which showed the bullet touched a hard surface '' before entering the boy 's chest . Mr Saraliotis also said he acted out of self defence during the unrest which triggered five days of rioting in Athens and elsewhere across Greece .

19_1ecb.xml
Greece rocked by more clashes over teenager 's shooting Fresh riots were reported in Greece on Saturday December 13 2008 in protest at the killing by police of a 15-year-old boy , Alexandros Grigoropoulos , eight days ago . The disturbances have ben described as the most serious in Greece since student protests that preceded the fall of the military junta in 1974 . Violent clashes broke out in the capital , Athens , following a day of demonstrations . The protests in memory of the teenager had been initially peaceful . Students of the school attended by Grigoropoulos held a silent vigil during the day in Syntagma Square . Hours later , hundreds of others brought candles to the site , while others gathered at the site of the shooting . But later , about 100 youths hurled volleys of petrol bombs and rocks at a police station in the Exarchia district , where the officer , who shot him and has now been charged with murder , was based . The protesters chanted `` murderers out '' . Later , hooded and masked protesters targeted a commercial area near the National Technical University of Athens , known as the Polytechnic , overturning cars and setting fire to three banks . Several shops and an office of the environment ministry were also attacked . Riot police positioned at street corners in the area responded by firing tear gas at the protesters . Unrest has now spread throughout the country , prompting calls for Greece 's conservative Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis and his government to stand down .

19_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . businessinsider . com riots - after - brooklyn - teen - shot - by - police - 2013 - 3 Brooklyn Neighborhood Is 'A Powder Keg' After Teen Killed By Police MAR . 14 , 2013 , 8 : 12 PM Hostility has been mounting this week in East Flatbush , Brooklyn , after two plainclothes police officers fatally shot 16 - year - old Kimani Gray after he allegedly pointed a revolver at them on Saturday night . On Monday a group of about 130 people were marching toward the 67th Police Precinct station when about two dozen young protesters splintered off — drawing riot police — and trashed a Rite Aid . Tuesday the crowd was mostly calm , but on Wednesday — the same day Gray's autopsy showed he had been shot seven times — part of the 200 person crowd became unruly . The night began with hope that Gray's mother would speak at a vigil alongside mothers of local shooting victims , but the night turned when about 30 young men showed up in the shadows across the street . "They were staying in the dark area of the street , " a witness told CNN . "You just knew it was going to turn into the cops trying to contain those kids who were obviously gonna go for it . That just stopped the original intention of the night . " The witness said the teenagers suddenly took off , fanning through streets and side streets , followed by the sound of glass breaking and metal store - front gates being pulled down . Protesters began throwing bricks and bottles while cops began pepper - spraying and arresting . By the end an officer's face and the window of a police van had been hit with bricks , and 46 people had been arrested . The string of incidents has amplified the distrustful friction between the neighborhood's informal crews of armed teenagers and its aggressive police , whom residents say make prejudiced decisions based on race . Kenneth J . Montgomery , an attorney for the Gray family , told the LA Times that the police "patrol these neighborhoods like they ’ re paramilitary . ” “ [ The police ] have a hard time because there ’ s a lot of crime in the neighborhood , ” a local barber told The New York Times . “ But when they play hardball , they end up going after innocent people , too . ” Police say that on Saturday around 11 : 30 p . m . Kimani Gray was standing outside his home with five other young men before splitting off when he noticed two plainclothes officers in an unmarked car . After he "adjusted his waistband and continued to act in a suspicious manner , ” officials say the cops got out of their car and approached Gray — who allegedly turned toward them with a loaded . 38 - caliber revolver in hand . The 30 - year - old sergeant and 26 - year - old fired 11 shots — the autopsy showed that seven bullets entered Gray's body , three of them from the rear . A revolver loaded with four bullets was reportedly recovered from the scene . Police commissioner Raymond Kelly told the New York Times there was “ nothing to indicate that this shooting was outside the guidelines ” while John C . Cerar , the former commander for firearms training at the Police Department , said "it appears to be a good shooting ” under the reported circumstances . That statement doesn't pacify neighborhood residents , who question the official story — some in the community don't believe Gray had a gun — and perceive the officers' behavior as part of a larger trend of NYPD antagonism . “ We ’ re talking about a powder keg out here . Any incident could trigger it , ” City Councilman Charles Barron told the LA Times . On Wednesday tensions "seemed to be decreasing until Mahnefah Gray , sister of the teen killed by police , was arrested while crossing the street , " according to Danny Gold of Metropolis .

19_2ecb.xml
Day six of the Greek youth revolt Protests , riots and clashes with police have overtaken Greece for the sixth straight day since the fatal police shooting of a teenage boy in Athens Saturday night . One day after Wednesday 's massive general strike over pension reform and privatization shut down the country , more than a hundred schools and at least fifteen university campuses remain occupied by student demonstrators . A major rally is expected on Friday . And as solidarity protests spread to neighboring Turkey , as well as Germany , Spain , Italy , Russia , Denmark and the Netherlands , dozens of arrests have been made across the continent . On Wednesday , two police officers involved in Saturday 's shooting were arrested , and one was charged with murder . But anger remains high over the officers ' failure to express remorse at the student 's death . The police officers claim the bullet that killed Alexandros Grigoropoulos was fired in self-defense , and the death was an accident caused by a ricochet . The unrest this week has been described as the worst since the end of the military dictatorship in 1974 and could cost the already weakened Greek economy an estimated hundreds of millions of dollars . It 's also shaken the country 's conservative government that has a narrow one-person majority in Parliament . The socialist opposition has increased calls for the prime minister to quit and call new elections , ignoring his appeals for national unity . I 'm joined now on the telephone by a student activist and writer from Athens . He 's with the Greek Socialist Workers Party . He 's a graduate student in political philosophy at Panteion University in Athens . We welcome you to Democracy Now ! Can you lay out for us exactly when this all began and how the protests have escalated and what they 're about right now , Nikos Lountos ?

19_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . essence . com 2013 03 17 riots - erupt - following - death - brooklyn - teen - killed - police Sunday , March 17 , 2013 | 5 : 00 PM Riots Erupt Following Death of Brooklyn Teen Killed By Police In the week following the fatal shooting of 16 - year - old Kimani Gray , several protests and riots have erupted in the teen's Brooklyn neighborhood as the cops involved have come under scrutiny for previous reported civil rights violations . Gray was killed on March 9 by police who claim he pointed a gun at Sgt . Mourad Mourad and Officer Jovaniel Cordova before they opened fire . An autopsy shows that Gray was hit in the back by three of the seven bullets fired by the officers . A loaded . 38 - caliber revolver was found at the scene . Since the shooting , over 50 arrests have been made over four nights of protesting where community members are expressing outrage and demanding justice . Gray's school principal , Matthew Willoughby of the Urban Assembly School of Design and Construction , wrote a heartfelt letter describing the teen as a hard - working student who was committed to his academics . "Kimani made great strides this year academically , ” the letter read . “ He was taking an extra English class after school ; he was writing a dramatic dialogue in another English class ; his group in design class was working on a project to design a school . Now they are working to complete the project without him . " "Kimani should be remembered for all of who he was—an energetic , kind , playful , independent young man who was trying to learn and grow one day at a time , " Willoughby's letter continued . In the days following Gray's death , it's been revealed that both Mourad and Cordova have reportedly been named in five federal lawsuits with plaintiffs alleging civil rights violations . As a result , the two men have reportedly cost the city about $215 , 000 in court settlements . In 2009 and 2010 , Mourad was sued three times with allegations including a stop - and - frisk in which Mourad and fellow cops pulled down a suspect's underwear , and an illegal arrest in which the plaintiff says he was slammed into a car . Cordova was sued in 2011 and 2012 , with one plaintiff claiming the cop punched him in the eye .

19_3ecb.xml
Greece calm after 8 days of riots by angry youths Athens was calm Sunday after eight days of the worst riots Greece has seen in decades , sparked by the police killing of a teenager . Traffic returned to normal in the center of town and an open-topped double-decker bus carried tourists round the city 's main sights . The popular cafes in the Thissio area under the Acropolis were busy , and couples took their young children for a Sunday walk . But Greek youths who have protested daily since the boy 's death have vowed to remain on the streets until their concerns are addressed . Protesters are angry not just at the police but at an increasingly unpopular government and over economic issues . A newspaper poll published Sunday showed the governing conservatives ' popularity at a dismal 20.6 percent , 5.6 percent below the main opposition Socialists . However , 55 percent of respondents said neither party seemed competent to handle the situation . The Focus poll of 1,000 people for Real News gave a 3.1 percent margin of error . Violence has wracked Greece every day since the death of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos , spreading quickly from Athens to more than a dozen other cities and leaving at least 70 people injured . Hundreds of stores have been smashed and looted , and more than 200 people arrested . Late Saturday and early Sunday , youths in Athens attacked a police station , stores and banks and fought running battles with police , as candlelit vigils were held to mark a week since the shooting . A new candlelit vigil is planned for Sunday evening at the site of the shooting . A separate protest is scheduled in western Athens . While most of the protesters have been peaceful , the tone of the demonstrations has been set by a violent fringe . And more young people have been willing to join those fringe elements than in the past . `` In the end , the violence that we use is minimal in comparison to the violence the system uses , like the banks , '' said 32-year-old protester Paris Kyriakides . `` Speaking as an anarchist , we want to create those social conditions that will generate more uprisings and to get more people out in the streets to demand their rights . '' In a poll released Sunday , some 62 percent of respondents said the reactions to the shooting were inexcusable , compared with 35 percent who believed the violence was justified . The poll of 1,000 people gave no margin of error . According to another poll , Greeks see more in the violence than a simple reaction to the shooting . Asked whether the riots were a social uprising , 60 percent responded yes . Some 64 percent considered police were unprepared for the violence . The poll of 520 people published in the Kathimerini newspaper gave a 4.5 percent margin of error .

19_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york 7 - nypd - bullets - killed - teen - kimani - gray - article - 1 . 1287452 Enraged protesters battle cops in Brooklyn streets during third night of rioting after it's revealed that 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot in the back As fights between cops and angry teens erupted in East Flatbush , 46 were arrested Wednesday night . Police struggled to control a furious crowd that broke away from a planned peaceful vigil . PUBLISHED : WEDNESDAY , MARCH 13 , 2013 , 2 : 29 PM UPDATED : THURSDAY , MARCH 14 , 2013 , 9 : 31 AM Protesters enraged over the fatal shooting of a teenager by police poured into Brooklyn streets for a third straight night Wednesday , pitching bricks , bottles and garbage in furious clashes with cops . At least 46 demonstrators were arrested along Church Ave . in East Flatbush . Police struggled to control a hostile crowd that broke away from a planned peaceful vigil for Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray , 16 , killed by police on Saturday night . Gray ’ s sister Mahnefeh was among those arrested . A police officer suffered a gash in the face when a tossed brick hit him , NYPD spokesman Paul Browne said , and a window was smashed in an inspector ’ s car . “ They didn ’ t have to kill him , ” Makaeo Williams , 18 , said as police on motorcycles tracked alongside him . “ I ’ m feeling mad inside . I ’ m angry . That ’ s why I ’ m out here . ” Many in the community contest police allegations that Gray pointed a gun at cops when he was shot during a confrontation with two plainclothes officers on E . 52nd St . Saturday night . Those suspicions on the street intensified Wednesday when an autopsy report revealed Gray was hit by seven bullets — three to the back . It was not clear in what order the shots struck the teen or whether he had his back to the police when they opened fire . A witness told the Daily News Tuesday that the youth did not have a gun in his hand . But a police spokesman said the witness told detectives she couldn ’ t see the incident clearly “ from the angle I was at . ” A woman who identified herself as Gray ’ s cousin told news outlets Wednesday that the teen was carrying a gun for a friend and was trying to alert cops that he had a weapon when he was shot . A loaded . 38 - caliber revolver was recovered at the scene . The trouble Wednesday night began soon after more than 200 people set off from the vigil site at Church Ave . and E . 55th St . around 8 : 30 p . m . Dozens chanted “ NYPD , KKK , how many kids did you kill today ” as they marched west on Church Ave . toward the 67th Precinct stationhouse . But things quickly got out of hand as some protesters tried to climb on police motorcycles . Men and women were pepper - sprayed and thrown to the ground and handcuffed . “ I ’ m scared for everything , myself , my store , my workers , ” said Salm Sami , 45 , who owns the Deli , Grill & Grocery at Church and New York Aves . “ This is three days of this . ” The protesters eventually backtracked to the vigil site where the parents of Ramarley Graham — an unarmed teenager fatally shot by police in the Bronx last year — were waiting . “ It never seems to end , ” said Frank Graham , Ramarley ’ s father . “ The community has a right to be angry . ” But City Councilman Jumaane Williams , a frequent NYPD critic , blasted outsiders who he said escalated tensions . “ Please stay the HELL out of our community will only agitate our kids , ” Williams fumed on Twitter . “ It ’ s dangerous and counterproductive . ”

19_4ecb.xml
Violent protests in Europe borne out of deeper frustrations They gripped rocks and stones , looking ready for a fight . But the five young men - sons of a dentist , merchants , a state tax collector - stood in the shadow of the University of Athens before another day of battle in the Greek capital 's running street protests . `` What I feel when I see this , '' said one young man , a hard plastic helmet covering his curly brown hair , `` is that I am loving my city more than ever . Because we are all here . Because we are discussing , really , what is going on here . The system has failed us . The politicians failed us . '' `` I do feel bad when I see property burned , '' said a man wearing ski goggles and a dark blue jacket . `` But this is a statement , a manifestation of what we see has gone wrong here . '' For more than a week , Greece has been shaken by a rebellion . A deadly police shooting Dec. 6 in Athens of Alexandros Grigoropoulos , 15 , was killed touched off the first riots . Then something else stirred . A coming-of-age generation from Thessaloniki to Athens rose up to attack dozens of police stations , occupy university campuses and prompt the closing of the international airport . Some of their demands are immediate: They want police banned from carrying guns . Others are less defined: They are looking for government to change . The center-right government of Costas Karamanlis , increasingly unpopular amid mounting economic problems , did n't anticipate or understand how the anger had spiraled . The youth were suddenly lashing out at all that ails Greece : a weak government , an economy that remains one of the poorest of the European Union and their own bleak job prospects . They looted businesses , pelted police with stones and ran amok near government banks , offices and university campuses with Molotov cocktails . About 100 people have been injured . Property damage is an estimated $ 2 million . Talk of what happened in Athens and Thessaloniki has spread to Italy and Spain , which have had protests of their own . Few of the dozen people interviewed in Athens said they had a permanent job or a job that guaranteed a pension . Many older spectators said they are sympathetic - even if they did n't like the ruin left behind . `` I feel sorry for the young , `` said 40-year-old Tsikala Stephania , a public sector worker . `` They do n't see much of a future , and they have to show their wrath in some way . ''

19_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york witness - claims - 16 - year - old - killed - cops - hands - article - 1 . 1286981 Brooklyn riot over teen's death : 16 - year - old shot by cops did not have a gun , says witness Tishana King says she saw the whole incident from a bird's eye view in her Brooklyn apartment . She says she's 'certain' slain Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray 'didn't having anything in his hands . ' PUBLISHED : WEDNESDAY , MARCH 13 , 2013 , 12 : 38 AM UPDATED : WEDNESDAY , MARCH 13 , 2013 , 2 : 30 AM A Brooklyn woman who claims she had a “ bird ’ s - eye view ” of the fatal police shooting of 16 - year - old Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray says the youth did not have a gun in his hand . Tishana King is the only civilian eyewitness to come forward , and her account sharply differs from Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly ’ s assertion that Gray had pointed a . 38 - caliber revolver at the cops before they opened fire . “ I ’ m certain he didn ’ t have anything in his hands , ” King told the Daily News . Moments after the Saturday shooting , one cop put both hands on his head and said , “ ‘ Oh , God ! ’ ” King recalled . “ His partner went over to him and put his hand on his shoulder and said , ‘ Are you okay , buddy ? ’ ” King , 39 , a medical records clerk at Kings County Hospital , said she gave a tape - recorded interview to detectives several hours after the shooting . The detectives were aware her 14 - year - old son dialed 911 from their apartment after the gunfire . But King , in her nearly eight - minute interview with NYPD investigators at 3 a . m . on Sunday , never said a word about whether Gray was carrying a gun . King emphatically told The News that Gray didn ’ t have a weapon in his hands . But the newspaper ’ s review of her nearly eight - minute interview with NYPD investigators hours after the shooting shows she never mentioned whether the teen was carrying a gun . “ I couldn ’ t see what the kids were doing , ” she said during the session . The News reviewed the tape of the Q&A conducted in her apartment after the fatal shooting . Detectives and Internal Affairs Bureau investigators never asked directly if King saw Gray with a gun , and a police source said NYPD policy precludes asking such leading questions . “ They ’ re just asked to say what happened in as much detail as they can remember , ” the source said . A police spokesman said that when King was asked what she saw by detectives , she told them she couldn't see what the boys were doing "from the angle I was at . " But King told The News that , at first , the boys were under her window and that they moved into view when police got out of their car and approached them . The NYPD has not released the names of the sergeant and cop who fired 11 shots . A police source said the pair initially reported to supervisors that the teen had pulled a gun — and a loaded weapon was recovered at the scene . King told The News she was drawn to her third - floor East Flatbush window late Saturday night by the sound of loud laughing and talking outside on E . 52nd St . She said she watched as a burgundy - colored sedan pulled up and a man jumped out of the passenger side , followed by the driver . King initially thought the duo intended to fight with the youths . When the driver yelled , “ Don ’ t move ! ” it clicked that they were cops , she said . “ Kimani started backing up , ” King said . “ The cop took out his gun and started firing at Kimani . ” King said the area was illuminated by a streetlight and Gray appeared to be cornered by the cops . “ His ( Gray ’ s ) hands were down , ” she said . “ I couldn ’ t believe he let off ( fired ) his gun . There was no reason . No false move . ” A police source said King never told detectives that Gray was backing up with his hands down . Kelly said an “ earwitness ” heard a cop yell , “ What do you have in your hands ? ” but a source said the man was too far away to see the confrontation . The shooting appeared to be within NYPD guidelines , he added .

19_5ecb.xml
Athens vigil ends in violence Violence reignited in Athens following vigils for the teenager killed by police a week ago Greek rioters have attacked an environment ministry building , shops and banks in Athens on the eighth day of protests following the killing of a teenager by police . The clashes late on Saturday came after an evening candle-lit vigil to mark the shooting of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos . Youths attacked a police station with petrol bombs in central Athens as well as at least three banks , several stores and a government building , police said . Several hundred protesters set up burning barricades and attacked police with rocks and flares . The killing of Grigoropoulos has sparked the worst rioting Greece has seen in decades , with at least 70 people injured in cities across the country . Hundreds of stores have been smashed and looted , and more than 200 people have been arrested . Earlier , hundreds of schoolchildren holding candles gathered peacefully outside the parliament building in Athens and at the site where Grigoropoulos was shot . They left candles spelling out the name `` Alex '' in front of a line of riot policemen . Banners in the main square outside parliament read : `` The state kills '' and `` Down with the government of murderers '' . `` The murder of Alexis was the last straw . Being a young man in Greece today is a crime ... They are stealing our dreams , '' said one leaflet distributed in the square . The young protesters promised to remain on the streets until their concerns , including opposition to the increasingly unpopular government and worry over economic issues , are addressed . Throughout most of the day , the capital had appeared calmer than in the past week . Christmas shoppers cautiously returned to central Athens earlier on Saturday , but many stores had boarded up their windows instead of replacing the glass , for fear of further violence . Much of the rioting has been blamed on an anarchist fringe tapping into resentment over political scandals and the impact of the global slowdown .

19_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york wild - confrontation - breaks - brooklyn - candlelight - vigil - 16 - year - old - shot - cops - article - 1 . 1285755 'There ’ s a lot of anger here' : Riot breaks out in Brooklyn following candlelight vigil for 16 - year - old shot by cops Memorial for Kimani 'Kiki' Gray , who was fatally wounded by police Saturday after allegedly pointing a gun in their direction , turned ugly as nearly 100 angry mourners clashed with cops , tossing bottles and creating a melee . PUBLISHED : MONDAY , MARCH 11 , 2013 , 10 : 34 PM UPDATED : TUESDAY , MARCH 12 , 2013 , 9 : 36 AM Anger over the death of a Brooklyn teenager shot and killed by police fueled a riot on the streets of East Flatbush Monday — projectiles were hurled at cops , car windows were smashed and a pharmacy customer had a bottle bashed over his head . The scenes of violence on blocks near the NYPD ’ s 67th Precinct stationhouse followed a protest march that grew out of a candlelight vigil for Kimani ( Kiki ) Gray , 16 , killed by police bullets on Saturday . In the aftermath of the riot , as police were trying to secure the area and assess damage to stores along streets strewn with broken glass , City Councilman Jumaane Williams called for Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly and Mayor Bloomberg to visit the community . “ There ’ s a lot of anger here , ” said Williams , whose district includes the riot zone . “ This isn ’ t just from one particular shooting . A whole community has not been heard for far too long . ” Kelly visited the precinct stationhouse about 12 : 30 a . m . Tuesday — more than four hours after the chaos began — but did not speak to reporters . The vigil for Kimani was held at E . 52nd St . and Tilden Ave . , the location of the shooting , which has caused tensions to simmer in the community , in part because the boy ’ s family contests police allegations that he was armed with a handgun . Starting at about 8 p . m . , nearly 100 people set off from the vigil site to march the more than 20 blocks to the precinct stationhouse , on Snyder Ave . near Nostrand Ave . But the procession , peaceful at first , turned into a wild confrontation between furious marchers and cops after a faction broke off from the group and began to smash car and store windows with rocks and jump on the tops of vehicles , police sources and witnesses said . “ I was sitting in my living room , ” said Mary John , 43 , who witnessed destruction near E . 31st St . and Church Ave . “ People were standing up on vehicles . I saw them take garbage from the sidewalk and throw it onto the street . I saw someone take a TV and smash it into my neighbor ’ s car . They were throwing rocks at the cars . “ I said , ‘ Oh my god ! What ’ s going on here ? ’ ” she continued . “ They were calling out , ‘ Rest in peace , Kiki . ’ I was shocked . ” Abdoulaye Barry , 24 , who works at African Movies , at Church Ave . and E . 31st St . , described how rioters tried to storm the business . He said he was outside , saw rioters causing mayhem in the streets , and rushed back to urge his co - workers to lock the store ’ s gates . Rioters rushed the entrance , fighting with workers as they struggled to lock the roll - down gates , he said . The workers succeeded — barely . But they locked themselves into the store from the inside . Firefighters later had to cut the gates to liberate them . “ It was like the end of the world , ” Barry told the Daily News . “ That ’ s the first time something like that had happened here . ” At a Rite Aid drug store on Church Ave . near Albany Ave . , which had about 60 people inside at the time , at least one rioter physically assaulted a customer — cracking him over the head with a glass bottle . He was rushed to Kings County Hospital and listed in stable condition later , a police spokeswoman said . A manager of the store was also assaulted ; he refused medical attention , the spokeswoman said . There were unconfirmed reports the store was looted ; the police spokeswoman said only that the cash registers were not robbed . When cops finally managed to block the mob ’ s progress , about a block from the 67th Precinct stationhouse , rioters began pitching glass bottles at police officers as they moved in on the crowd , a police source said . One person threw a garbage can at a cop , the source added . “ They ’ re acting rowdy and calling us racist , ” said a police officer at the scene . As rioters fled into the night and protestors began making their way back toward E . 52nd St . , Williams joined the fray and tried to prevent more violence . “ The mayor and the [ police ] commissioner should be down here . Right now ! ” Williams , a critic of NYPD policy , said before Kelly appeared on the scene . “ There ’ s a feeling that they don ’ t really care . They are leading and policing for one portion of this city . But they ’ re not paying attention to the other parts ; they ’ re not listening to them . ” Public Advocate Bill de Blasio , a Democratic candidate for mayor this year , also came to the area Monday night . “ I understand if young people are frustrated , but we have to help them understand the way to deal with it should be a peaceful way , ” he said . “ They have every right to protest — that ’ s the American way . ” Williams said he was not surprised by the riot , only that it hadn ’ t happened before . Critics of the NYPD ’ s controversial stop - and - frisk policy argued it leads to distrust of the police by the black community because its members are stopped in such high numbers . “ When something happens , we should be able to trust the police and what they say , ” Williams said . “ Police officers shooting black men , black men shooting black men , it ’ s a problem that needs to be dealt with . If they want to ignore it , it ’ s just going to keep happening . ” Following the shooting death of Kimani on Saturday , police officials said he flashed a gun at a pair of plainclothes cops who approached a stoop where he and others were hanging out . Police said a loaded . 38 - caliber revolver was recovered at the scene — but family of the slain teen , who was hit multiple times by police bullets , vehemently deny that he was carrying a weapon . Before the riot Monday , a police source told The News that investigators believe Kimani was a member of the Bloods street gang . The source pointed to two YouTube videos , published last year , that featured violence between Bloods and Crips . The source said Kimani appears in both videos , which The News has refrained from publishing due to graphic content . In one video , Kimani is clad in a red Adidas hoodie and goes by the nickname “ Shapow , ” the source said . He can be seen taunting and hitting a 13 - year - old rival on Nostrand Ave . near Glenwood Rd . in Flatbush after the adversary flashed gang signs and said he runs with the Crips . Kimani also swiped a beaded necklace from the Crip and then stomped on it , the video shows , while his friends in the background identified themselves as Bloods . The second video captured an apparent Crips retaliation following the smackdown . A group of self - identified Crips stormed a McDonald ’ s on Utica Ave . and Ave . H in Flatbush after they spotted Kimani and other alleged Bloods inside , according to the video . After a minute of heckling and heated exchanges inside the McDonald ’ s , the Crips retreated outside . They mocked Kimani for refusing to come out into the parking lot .

19_6ecb.xml
A sanctuary for dissent in Greece ? Greek law keeps police away from universities , but some fear the immunity clause meant to protect free speech is now being used to harbor bastions of violence . Masked men wielding clubs guard the entrance to the Athens Polytechnic University , keeping watch over the graffiti-covered walls on campus . Nearby streets are barricaded with the carcasses of burnt cars , and a huge black banner proclaims `` MURDERERS '' - the rallying cry that has brought Greece 's youths to the streets . Inside , piles of empty gas canisters testify to the scores of Molotov cocktails assembled there recently For more than a week , Athenian streets have been a battleground between police and protesters , whose anger was sparked by the fatal shooting of a 15-year-old boy by a policeman . Protected by Greece 's Constitution from police interference , the Polytechnic has become the headquarters of the protest movement - and a haven for those wreaking havoc on the city 's streets . As Greeks try to make sense of the chaos - and prepare for another week of protests , ranging from sit-ins to nationwide roadblocks - many here are beginning to ask whether the asylum law is protecting free speech or simply harboring criminals . `` The university asylum is for the freedom of movement of ideas , but not of commitment of criminal actions , '' says George Bergeles , a professor at the Polytechnic who is sympathetic to the students ' complaints , but not their harsh tactics . `` The law about university asylum I believe is a fantastic achievement of the university movement , but we should protect it by not allowing criminal offenses to happen inside . '' The Polytechnic holds historic importance for Greeks . In November 1973 , students barricaded themselves inside in rebellion against the country 's military junta , which had been in power since 1967 . Fearful that the revolt would spread , on Nov. 17 the national police moved in with tanks , killing a still-disputed number of protesters . The junta fell less than a year later . Greece 's new Constitution gave special status to universities and other schools , forever barring the police from entering their grounds . Today , the Poly-technic and other institutions of learning are once again brimming with revolutionary zeal . Across Athens , high schools and universities are under occupation by students and other youth angry at the Dec. 6 killing of Alexandros Grigoropoulos and also at a political system they see as corrupt and incompetent . So far , Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has rejected calls by opposition leaders to hold early elections , but his center-right party holds only a one-seat majority in parliament , and public support for his government was weak even before the riots . The latest poll numbers show a 20 percent approval rating . The Polytechnic , which lies on the border of the edgy neighborhood of Exarchia , where the 15-year-old was killed , is serving as the heart and brain center of the revolt . There , anarchists - many of whom call Exarchia their home - are helping to organize students and other young people . The area just outside its gates has been the site of some of the most intense clashes with police . Inside , protesters regroup and rearm around bonfires that burn through the night . There 's an air of menace outside the Polytechnic . But Stergia Sarantopoulou , an architecture student there who has been participating in protests , says the mood is angry but collegial . Like many students , she passionately defends the asylum law . `` There are historical , political , ideological reasons for the immunity to exist , '' she says . `` Universities are our home . It 's the students home ; it 's the teachers home . '' The university safe-haven policy might at times be abused , Ms. Sarantopoulou says , but in the long run society is better off by having a law that forever ensures a safe place for free speech . `` It 's much more harmful for the state to control [ universities , ] '' she says . The explosion of rioting and looting that took place in the aftermath of Alexandros 's death has faded in recent days , but there are still daily protests , many of which end in hails of rocks and flaming Molotov cocktails . On Saturday , the one-week anniversary of the shooting , the protests were largely peaceful , though still angry . In daylight , a fragile normality began to return to the city center , with shops again opening and people returning to work . But at night , uncertain Athenians stayed away from the normally bustling city center , which was ghostly quiet . Groups of young people roamed the streets across central Athens , shouting: `` This night is for Alexi ! '' A heavy cloud of tear gas and smoke hung over Exarchia , which felt like a rebel-held enclave in a city at war . Police lingered warily on its edges as young people set up burning barricades and attacked government buildings and banks . And clashes erupted once again outside the Polytechnic . Few here think the unrest will end anytime soon , and the rage of Greece 's youth continues to smolder . The death of Alexandros 's has tapped into anger about a range of broader complaints - about corruption , nepotism , a failing education system , and the poor economic prospects of young people , including unemployment rates in the 25 percent range . Protests are expected to continue throughout the week , with activists calling for roads to be blocked nationwide on Tuesday . They say they want to bring down Greece 's whole political system - it 's not just the current government that is seen as tainted , most believe the main opposition is little better . The protesters , however , struggle to articulate exactly what they want in its place . `` Do n't bend your head down , '' they chanted as they confronted police recently in front of parliament . `` The only way is resistance . ''

19_6ecbplus.xml
http : rt . com usa brooklyn - riot - police - protesters - 127 Brooklyn neighborhood on police lockdown following protest Published time : March 12 , 2013 02 : 03 Edited time : March 13 , 2013 02 : 15 Police intervened after more than 100 people joined together for a candlelit vigil in the East Flatbush neighborhood in Brooklyn , New York , where 16 - year - old Kimani Gray was shot multiple times by police on Saturday . Brooklynites on Twitter reported that police followed the march and searched apartment buildings in the neighborhood without warrants , looking for children who had been seen throwing bottles at police from neighborhood rooftops . Officers clad in riot gear were seen along the block , and barricades were placed on the streets . March participants chanted , "NYPD KKK how many kids will you kill today , " witnesses reported . Police said the crowd fell the 67th Precinct station in East Flatbush , where teenagers who were not apparently a part of any organized group threw garbage and empty bottles at the windows . "I'm in the middle of the riot action at Church and Snyder in my district . Right now , things are tense , " New York City Councilman Jumaane D . Williams , who represents the area , said on Twitter . Williams said people smashed out windows and overturned garbage cans during the disorder , and that one person had been attacked outside of a local Rite Aid . “ Tonight was a peaceful vigil that devolved into a riot , ” Williams wrote . “ The youth in this community have no outlets for their anger , no community . ” One person is believed to have been arrested , and no injuries were reported . Sixteen - year - old Kimani Gray was shot and killed on Saturday night after pointing a gun at two plainclothes officers who approached him , police said . According to the officers involved in the shooting , the teenager adjusted his belt "suspiciously , " and after they exited their vehicle to investigate , he pointed a . 357 caliber revolver at them . Both officers fired a total of 11 shots at the suspect , hitting Gray multiple times in his torso and legs . His sister , Mahnefah Gray , told NY1 she doubted her brother was carrying a gun , but was rather grabbing his belt “ to squeeze it ” because he had a “ skinny waist . ” "They thought he was grabbing back to get a gun , ” she said . “ He's 16 years old . What is he pointing a gun at over six police , knowing that they would kill him ? He has common sense . " Witnesses said that Gray , who was running for his life when he was shot , did not have a gun . "Stay down , or we ’ ll shoot you again , ” police said once Gray had been hit , according to the New York Times . "The cops , they just jumped out of the car so fast , " the New York Daily News quoted witness Devonte Brown as saying . "They started shooting him and he went down , he was bleeding , holding his side , screaming , 'stop , stop . " But one woman , who identified herself as the slain teen ’ s cousin , told NY1 that Kimani was in fact holding the gun for a friend . She also believed that Kimani was attempting to alert the police that he had the weapon rather than use it . After the shooting , Gray was rushed to a hospital but was declared dead on arrival . The officers involved in the shooting were also treated for trauma and tinnitus . Police said there is no evidence the unidentified officers acted inappropriately , though they were put on administrative leave . The also said that Gray had previously been arrested four times on charges of grand larceny , possession of stolen property and inciting a riot .

19_7ecb.xml
Greek government under fire A week of violence in Greece has taken its toll on the fragile conservative government , with opinion polls showing many think authorities mishandled the worst rioting in decades . The shooting of a 15-year-old boy by police unleashed a wave of unrest by thousands of students and anarchists across the country . This comes at a time where there is growing anger over political scandals and the impact of a global recession on Greece 's economy . While the violence has generally subsided in the past few days , small groups of hooded youngsters are still hurling fire bombs , smashing shops and fighting running battles with riot police . Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has pledged to ensure security , rebuffing calls for early elections . An opinion poll published by Ethnos newspaper on Sunday said 83.3 percent of Greeks were unhappy with the government 's response to the violence . `` I 'm tired of coming to the shop every night to check the damages . You think it 's going to calm down and then it starts again. '' said Anna Pavlidou , manager of a central Athens mobile phone store that has been repeatedly attacked and looted . `` The government should assume its responsibilities and resign . It did n't handle it well . If it had , we would n't have 355 damaged shops in Athens . I mean we will not be able to open until Christmas. '' she said . A policeman charged with killing Alexandros Grigoropoulos has been jailed along with a colleague pending trial , while more than 400 protesters have been detained over the unrest .

19_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2013 03 14 nyregion teenager - killed - by - new - york - police - was - shot - 7 - times . html ? pagewanted=all Anger in East Flatbush Persists Over Teenager ’ s Killing by the Police Published : March 13 , 2013 First came the shooting : an armed teenager killed by police officers on a darkened Brooklyn street . Then came the anger : a Monday evening vigil marred by an unruly young mob thrashing its way through local businesses ; a second protest the next night ; and another on Wednesday night , after which , the police said , someone hit an officer in the face with a brick , another brick was thrown through the window of a police van , and there were 46 arrests — mostly for disorderly conduct . Two officers suffered minor injuries . By the time an autopsy of the 16 - year - old was released Wednesday , the tension in East Flatbush could be measured in the silently flashing lights of squad cars parked at tight intervals along Church Avenue . For some , the sight of extra police officers meant a potential reprieve in an area troubled by crime . For others , it was anything but reassuring . The police said that two plainclothes officers fatally shot the teenager , Kimani Gray , just before 11 : 30 p . m . on Saturday after he brandished a revolver and pointed it at them . The police commissioner , Raymond W . Kelly , said Tuesday that the police had interviewed three witnesses , “ two of which say that the officers said , ‘ Don ’ t move . ’ ” “ Another witness said an officer says , ‘ Freeze , ’ ” he said . The officers then fired 11 shots , the police said . Seven bullets hit Mr . Gray , including three that entered his body from the rear , according to the New York City Office of the Chief Medical Examiner . The autopsy did not establish the order in which the bullets struck Mr . Gray , or determine the path of the bullets , which might make clearer if Mr . Gray had his back to the officers when he was shot , or if he had twisted away after being struck from the front . But the findings , inconclusive though they were , appeared likely to heighten the tensions of a community already distrustful of the police and increasingly incensed about the shooting of the teenager . On Wednesday night , about 200 people attended the vigil . The gathering became unruly when about half of them splintered off and marched to a nearby police precinct station house . After officers in riot gear set up a roadblock on Church Avenue , Mr . Gray ’ s sister Mahnefah tried to cross the street and was put into a police car . She was given a summons and released . Some of the protesters shouted , “ That ’ s the sister , ” then started throwing bottles when the police would not release her . Someone hurled a chair . Screams could be heard as skirmishes broke out on side streets . For local residents , many of whom voiced skepticism about the official account , the situation surrounding Mr . Gray ’ s death was grimly familiar . Less than a year before , and only blocks away , a narcotics detective shot and killed an unarmed 23 - year - old woman , Shantel Davis , as she tried to flee the police in a car that had been reported stolen at gunpoint , the police said at the time . Vigils followed that shooting as well . But soon the rhythms of daily life returned , marked by what young men and women said was a daily backbeat of police stops . “ You try to put it out of your mind , ” said Ms . Davis ’ s sister Crystal . In interviews around East Flatbush , many spoke of a Police Department that , in its aggressive pursuit of gangs and informal criminal crews , had sown distrust , especially among young men and women , who feel that their encounters with officers often have racial overtones . At a barbershop along Church Avenue , two men on Tuesday were discussing the recent shooting when an Asian delivery cyclist pulled onto the sidewalk across the street . “ See that guy ? ” said Elverton Thomas , 39 , a black man and telemarketer who was there for a haircut . “ He can ride on the sidewalk . We can ’ t . ” His barber , Julian Clark , also black , concurred . Two years before , he said , an officer stopped him in front of the shop for sidewalk riding , and then arrested him after the officer said his identification had expired ; he spent a day in custody sorting it out , he said . “ They have a hard time because there ’ s a lot of crime in the neighborhood , ” he said of the police . “ But when they play hardball , they end up going after innocent people , too . ” The seemingly constant presence of the police in the lives of many youths — both on the street and , increasingly , monitoring conversations on social media — has left many feeling suffocated , said Shanduke McPhatter , 35 , an ex - gang member who works with young men in the neighborhood . “ I understand the state of mind that these youths have , ” he said . “ The problem is there is no relationship with the police . ” At the same time , he said , the situation on the streets has grown more complex for law enforcement : gangs are less organized , replaced instead by informal crews with few requirements and in which leadership is frequently up for grabs among increasingly young members . “ The police say , ‘ Look at these kids , they ’ re wild , ’ ” Mr . McPhatter said . “ And then they use that as an excuse to be wild themselves . ” The Rev . Terry Lee , who runs a local youth ministry and acts as a liaison to the police , said many of the neighborhood shootings involved “ kids killing kids ” and lamented that the community did not rise up more frequently in anger over those shootings . But he said he understood why . “ The community we ’ re living in can get dangerous at times , ” he said . “ People are afraid of retaliation . ” Mr . Lee said the local 67th Precinct had grown more open to the community in recent years . “ The problem is , people still don ’ t want to go to the police , ” he said . The autopsy report on Mr . Gray did not specify which of the seven bullets caused the death of the teenager ; that determination awaits further investigation . One bullet entered his left shoulder in the rear ; two other bullets struck the back of his thighs , one in the left thigh and one in the right . Two bullets struck from the front , hitting his right thigh ; one bullet entered his left side , striking his lower rib cage ; and the last bullet hit his left lower forearm . John C . Cerar , the former commander for firearms training at the Police Department , said many factors could explain the wounds to the front and back of Mr . Gray ’ s body . “ Most of the time , it ’ s the person making a turn , or the position of the officers , ” he said , or some combination of the two . Once that person has a gun , he said , the threat to the officers is imminent . Mr . Gray ’ s revolver was loaded with four bullets , the police said . Mr . Kelly , the police commissioner , said Tuesday that there was “ nothing to indicate that this shooting was outside the guidelines . ” Mr . Cerar concurred , saying , “ Under the reported circumstances , it appears to be a good shooting . ” But raw feeling in the neighborhood fueled accounts at wide variance with that provided by the police . Some said Mr . Gray , while armed , did not point the gun ; others said they had heard that there had been no gun at all , or that his hands had been in the air . A family friend , Kevin Blacks , 33 , said he was not surprised that the autopsy had found that Mr . Gray had been shot so many times or hit from behind . He said he had spoken to Mr . Gray ’ s parents . “ The dad is shook , ” Mr . Blacks said , standing by a makeshift memorial for Mr . Gray . “ He doesn ’ t sleep . He doesn ’ t talk . He ’ s still in a dream . ” Local elected officials and clergy members , seeking to lower the temperature in the neighborhood , mostly did not issue new statements Wednesday . “ Our focus right now is to get the funeral service together , ” said Gilford T . Monrose , a local pastor and community leader who is working with the family on the service ; a date had yet to be set , he said . On Tuesday , police investigators could be seen inside a Rite Aid store where , the night before , a group of at least three dozen mostly young people briefly rampaged through the aisles , turning over displays and assaulting one customer who tried to intervene . The police released store surveillance video and later announced the arrest of a 19 - year - old , saying he was one of three who hit the customer and took his cellphone . “ Nothing justifies that , ” Mr . Kelly said . He said at a City Council hearing on Tuesday that the violence had been caused by a disorderly group that broke away from the vigil and did not constitute a riot , as some had termed it . “ That belittles it , ” City Councilman Jumaane D . Williams said later , referring to the community anger after the police shooting . “ So now we ’ re going to wait for something worse , for something that meets the true definition of a riot ? ”

19_8ecb.xml
Greek government under fire over handling of riots A week of violence in Greece has taken its toll on the fragile conservative government , with opinion polls showing on Sunday that many think authorities mishandled the worst rioting in decades . The December 6 killing of a 15-year-old teenager by police unleashed a wave of unrest by thousands of students and anarchists across the country , feeding on growing anger over political scandals and the impact of a global recession on Greece 's economy . While the violence generally has subsided in the past few days , small groups of hooded youngsters with fire bombs are still rampaging at night in the capital , fighting running battles with riot police and smashing shops . Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis has pledged to protect people and property , but he has drawn widespread criticism for not acting quickly and decisively to tackle the revolt . An opinion poll published by Ethnos newspaper on Sunday said 83.3 percent of Greeks were unhappy with the government 's response to the violence . Discontent was high -- at 65.6 percent -- even among supporters of Karamanlis ' New Democracy party , which has a one-seat majority in parliament and already lagged behind the Socialist opposition before the riots . Another survey , in Kathimerini daily , put disapproval of the government at 68 percent with 60 percent of those polled saying the riots were a social uprising rather than an outburst by an isolated fringe of violent protesters . More demonstrations are planned for Monday , including one outside the police headquarters in Athens . Eight days of clashes have caused 200 million euros ( $ 265.3 million ) of damage in Athens alone . The city was calm on Sunday but broken shop windows bore witness to the latest , sporadic riots overnight , when a few hundred youths wearing gas masks attacked a government building , four shops and two banks . `` I 'm tired of coming to the shop every night to check the damages . You think it 's going to calm down and then it starts again , '' said Anna Pavlidou , manager of a central Athens mobile phone store that has been repeatedly attacked and looted . `` The government should assume its responsibilities and resign . It did n't handle it well . If it had , we would n't have 355 damaged shops in Athens . I mean , we will not be able to open until Christmas , '' she told Reuters . `` Someone has to understand the deeper reasons for this -- poverty , high unemployment -- and solve it radically . '' The policeman charged with killing Alexandros Grigoropoulos has been jailed along with a colleague pending trial , while more than 400 protesters have been detained over the unrest . In central Athens , where even in calmer times barely a week goes by without a demonstration , riot police with teargas canisters have been manning street corners at night , especially in the leftist Exarchia neighborhood where the boy was shot .

19_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . dailymail . co . uk news article - 2291941 Brooklyn - riot - Teens - protest - death - Kimani - Gray - Flatbush . html 'It sounds like a war zone' : Chaos in Brooklyn as 100 teenagers 'riot' on the streets following vigil of 16 - year - old who was shot dead by NYPD plainclothes cops Two plainclothes NYPD officers shot and killed a 16 - year - old Brooklyn resident after police say he pointed a gun at officers on Saturday When police approached to speak with the young man , cops say he turned on them and aimed a . 357 caliber revolver at them Peaceful protest for Kimani Gray turned chaotic tonight as 100 people rioted and threw bottles at officers PUBLISHED : 02 : 31 GMT , 12 March 2013 | UPDATED : 22 : 19 GMT , 12 March 2013 An orderly protest over the death of an armed 16 - year - old turned into a riot in Brooklyn tonight after young people started lashing out at NYPD officers . Between 60 and 100 rioters gathered around Church and Snyder Ave . in East Flatbush and threw bottles and other debris at police , witnesses said , following a vigil for Kimani Gray , 16 , who was shot dead by two plainclothes officers over the weekend . One person has been arrested , though no injuries have been reported . They were lashing out at the NYPD , who they believe are responsible for the teen ’ s death . An NYPD spokesperson confirmed to MailOnline that there was a ‘ large disorderly group throwing bottles at police . ’ They said the protest began around 8 : 30pm tonight but the crowd is being dispersed by police . New York City Councilman Jumaane D . Williams , who represents the area of Flatbush , has been tweeting live updates , and said : ‘ I ’ m in the middle of the riot action at Church and Snyder in my district . Right now , things are tense . Young people have expressed anger . ’ Mr Williams later described the scene of chaos in Flatbush , saying that garbage cans had been overturned and people smashed out windows . He added that one person had been attacked outside of a local Rite Aid . ‘ Tonight was a peaceful vigil that devolved into a riot , ’ he wrote . ‘ The youth in this community have no outlets for their anger , no community . ’ Another Twitter user who is apparently at the site said that the riot 'sounds like a war zone . ' A source told the New York Daily News that the protest began some 20 blocks from where Gray was fatally shot . The march went past the 67th Presinct station , where officers impeded the protest ’ s progress . That ’ s when the peaceful protest got out of hand . The unnamed NYPD officer told the Daily News that they saw teens jumping on cars and throwing bottles at officers . Gray , 16 , was shot eleven times after police said he pulled out a . 357 revolver in East Flatbush , Brooklyn over the weekend . Police say they came across a group of young men on Saturday evening and saw Gray acting suspiciously , walking away from his friends when he saw the officers approach . Officers say the 16 - year old began to adjust his waistband and started to act suspiciously . Gray then turned around and pointed a . 357 caliber gun at them , according to police accounts . When the two plainclothes officers saw the weapon they responded by opening fire . The teen was rushed to Kings County Hospital but he later died . However , witnesses to the shooting say that the NYPD's account is wrong . Gray ’ s older sister , Mahnefah Gray , 19 , told the New York Times that one of the witnesses of the shooting told her that her brother was only fixing his belt . She added that her brother had too much ‘ common sense ’ to point a loaded gun at an officer , and doubted that he was even carrying a gun at all . A woman who lives across the street from the scene of the shooting told the Times that Gray was calling out : ‘ Please don ’ t let me die ! ’ and said the officers yelled back : ‘ Stay down , or we ’ ll shoot you again . ’ Grey lived in nearby Crown Heights , but had grown up in East Flatbush and returned there to visit friends . His older brother , Jamar , was killed in a car accident two years ago . According to witnesses , when the two cops arrived on the scene in an unmarked car , Gray was part of a group of six teenagers standing by the side of the road . One of Gray's friends , Devonte Brown told the New York Post : 'As the cops opened fire , he was screaming , ‘ Stop ! I ’ m not running ! ’ His friends have not explained exactly what caused the police officers to shoot . Police say Gray's gun was loaded with four bullets but have not yet determined whether the teenager fired his weapon . Gray had been in trouble with the law before , having been arrested three times since October and had previously been charged with grand larceny and inciting a riot .

19_9ecb.xml
Rioters in Greece attack police station , banks Rioting youths in the Greek capital attacked a police station , stores and banks and fought running battles with police late Saturday , authorities said , as violent protests against a police killing continued for the seventh straight day . The clashes broke out as candlelit vigils were being held to mark a week since the police shooting of a 15-year-old boy , which triggered the riots that are threatening the stability of the government . The clashes broke out as candlelit vigils were being held to mark a week since the police shooting of a 15-year-old boy , which triggered the riots that are threatening the stability of the government . Youths - some on foot , others riding motorcycles - attacked a police station with petrol bombs in central Athens as well as at least three banks , several stores and a government building , police said . Several hundred protesters set up burning barricades and attacked police with rocks and flares. Riot police fired tear gas and chased the youths through parts of the city . The protesters chanted `` murderers out '' and used laser pointers to target police for attack . Violence has wracked Greece every day since the death of teenager Alexandros Grigoropoulos . The riots in cities throughout the country has left at least 70 people injured . Hundreds of stores have been smashed and looted , and more than 200 people have been arrested . While most of the protesters have been peaceful , the tone of the demonstrations has been set by a violent fringe . And more young people have been willing to join those fringe elements than in the past . Hundreds of school children holding candles gathered peacefully Saturday outside parliament and at the site where teenager was shot . Outside parliament , they left candles spelling out the name `` Alex '' in front of a line of riot policemen . The young protesters promised to remain on the streets until their concerns - including opposition to increasingly unpopular government and worry over economic issues - are addressed . `` Speaking as an anarchist , we want to create those social conditions that will generate more uprisings and to get more people out in the streets to demand their rights , '' said 32-year-old protester Paris Kyriakides . `` In the end , the violence that we use is minimal in comparison to the violence of the system uses , like the banks , '' Kyriakides said . Earlier Saturday , a crowd of about 1,000 people attended a peaceful sit-down demonstration in Athens and another 1,000 demonstrated in the northern city of Thessaloniki . One 16-year-old student at the Athens demonstration , who gave only her first name , Veatriki , said young people her age felt their voices were being heard immediately when they smashed a shop window or a car . She also said young people want to see the policemen involved in the shooting punished and the police disarmed . The two officers involved in the boy 's shooting have been arrested . One was charged with murder and the other as an accomplice . The circumstances surrounding the shooting remain unclear . Giorgos Kyrtsos , publisher of the City Press and Free Sunday newspapers , said the violent demonstrations revealed widespread public discontent . `` We are entering a long period of economic crisis , '' Kyrtsos said . `` But there is also a deepening social crisis , combined with a weakened state . We are truly at a crossroads . '' Kyrtsos , a conservative , was highly critical of the government 's handling of the protests . `` This is the only government I remember that has managed to alienate both the rebellious youth and the law-and-order crowd , '' he said . `` It has nothing to offer to anybody . '' Christmas shoppers cautiously returned to central Athens earlier Saturday , but many stores had boarded up their windows instead of replacing the glass , for fear of further violence . Athens Mayor Nikitas Kaklamanis greeted shoppers with the city 's brass band . `` People came up to me and were telling me that it was the first time they had smiled in days , '' the mayor said .

19_9ecbplus.xml
http : pix11 . com 2013 03 12 brooklyn - vigil - for - slain - teen - killed - by - nypd - snowballs - into - full - blown - riot #axzz2gqbg2R2N Brooklyn vigil for slain teen killed by NYPD snowballs into full blown riot A candle light vigil turned violent Monday night in East Flatbush , Brooklyn . Dozens gathered to remember 16 - year - old Kimani Gray . NYPD officers shot and killed the teen late Saturday night . What started as a march , soon turned into a riot . Video posted on Youtube from OccupyBloomberg ’ s Ustream showed angry people screaming at the NYPD . According to reports from the scene , people vandalized property , looted and threw bottles at police . The NYPD said one person was arrested for disorderly conduct . Overnight and into early Tuesday morning , police barricaded Snyder Avenue in front of the 67th precinct in East Flatbush . Police still wearing helmets , guarded the block . “ Tonight , we saw an explosion of anger from the youth in my community . We have talked about this anger for years , but still the resources have not come to address it , ” said Brooklyn Councilman Jumaane Williams in a press release following the riot . “ We have talked about the corrosive relationship between our community and the NYPD , but still the Mayor and the Commissioner have failed to address the root causes of this tension . Tonight , we saw that tension turn in a destructive manner . I cannot and will not condone the damage caused to property or to person . ” According to police , Kimani Gray had a . 38 caliber Rohm ’ s Industry revolver and he allegedly pointed it at the plain clothes officers Saturday night when they approached a group on East 52nd street in East Flatbush . The officers fired their weapons and the teenager was pronounced dead at Kings County Hospital . The gun was found at the scene , said the NYPD .

