2_10ecbplus.xml
http : variety . com 2013 film news ellen - degeneres - to - host - oscars - 1200566939 Ellen DeGeneres To Host Oscars AUGUST 2 , 2013 | 08 : 06AM PT Talkshow host returns for second Oscar tour And the next host of the Academy Awards is … Ellen DeGeneres . It will be DeGeneres ’ second tour of duty as Oscar host , having previously emceed the 79th annual Academy Awards in 2007 and earning an Emmy nomination . The popular syndicated talkshow host also fronted the Emmys in 2001 and 2005 ( co - hosting them in 2003 ) . “ I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time , ” DeGeneres said , joking that “ you know what they say – the third time ’ s the charm . ” “ We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars , ” said Zadan and Meron jointly . “ It is an honor to welcome back Ellen DeGeneres as the host of the biggest entertainment celebration of the year , ” said ABC Entertainment Group prexy Paul Lee . Over the last eight years , the 2007 Oscars hosted by DeGeneres stands as the top rated in both adults 18 - 49 ( 14 . 1 rating 33 share ) and women 25 - 54 ( 19 . 2 40 ) .

2_11ecb.xml
Even as Oscar organizers on Friday unveiled Hugh Jackman as the host of their gala film awards , the prospect of a U.S. actors strike was casting a long shadow over whether Hollywood 's big show would go on as usual . The Academy Awards ' February 22 date puts it directly in the path of a potential walkout by Screen Actors Guild members who vote next month on whether to give union leaders permission to call a strike in stalemated contract talks with major studios . Movie making by the big studios has wound down since late June in anticipation of labor strife , compounding a general slowdown from the U.S. recession . The tension has only been heightened by fatigue from a tumultuous 14-week Hollywood writers strike that ended in February and cost the Los Angeles area economy around $ 3 billion as production stopped on most prime-time TV shows . `` A strike , if one occurred , would be nothing short of horrible , '' said Ron Howard , the former actor and Oscar-winning director of `` A Beautiful Mind '' whose latest film , `` Frost/Nixon , '' is considered a strong Oscar contender . `` The timing could n't be worse , '' he said on Thursday . Actor Leonardo DiCaprio , who on Thursday earned a Golden Globe nomination for his work in `` Revolutionary Road , '' said strike concerns are hitting `` everyone . '' `` It 's really important that we come up with a solution , '' he said . `` These are unheard-of times , and no one can predict what is going to happen '' with the U.S. economy . SAG 'S DARK CLOUD The Oscars , given out by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences , are annually Hollywood 's glitziest night . Putting the show in jeopardy , however , was this week 's announcement by SAG that strike authorization ballots will be mailed to its 120,000 members on January 2 and tallied on January 23 , a full month before the Oscars . That sequence of events raises the prospect of A-list stars boycotting the honors to avoid crossing their own union 's picket lines -- or even carrying picket signs themselves . The same dynamic came into play last January when a work stoppage by 10,500 Writers Guild of America members threw the awards season into disarray and caused the star-filled Golden Globe Awards to be replaced by a news conference . Only 5.8 million TV viewers tuned-in , far below the Globes ' typical 20 million audience . Broadcaster NBC lost an estimated $ 10 million to $ 15 million in advertising revenue . The writers strike was settled a month later , sparing the Academy Awards and its network , ABC , a similar fate . But this time around , the Oscars are on the firing line and Australian actor Jackman , star of the `` X-Men '' movies as well as Broadway stage shows , may himself have to pull out . `` At this point , we are moving forward with all of our plans to do our show , and of course we are monitoring what is going on , '' said Academy spokeswoman Leslie Unger . SAG leaders say they need a credible strike threat to wrest a better contract deal from the studios than the `` final '' offer management presented before talks collapsed on June 30 . They stress , however , that a `` yes '' vote does not automatically put a strike into effect , and it remains uncertain whether SAG can muster the support it needs -- 75 percent of those voting -- to pass its authorization . Talks collapsed over issues that included how much actors would get paid for work on the Internet , and the financial impact of a possible strike on Hollywood remains unclear . Most films slated for release in 2009 already have been shot , meaning the 2010 slate would see the brunt of a strike . Some TV prime-time dramas and sitcoms will have completed production before SAG a work stoppage , though a walkout could hinder development of new series for Fall 2009 .

2_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . vulture . com 2013 08 5 - thoughts - on - ellen - degeneres - as - oscar - host . html 8 2 13 at 1 : 30 PM 5 Thoughts on Why the Academy Picked Ellen DeGeneres As Oscar Host We've got an Oscar host ! The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences announced this morning that Ellen DeGeneres would return to the Academy Awards as emcee , marking her second hosting stint . Over the past few years , AMPAS has gone to great lengths to pick a host who'd make some noise : Whether it was the pairing of James Franco and Anne Hathaway in 2011 , the aborted choice of Eddie Murphy as host for the 2012 Oscars , or Seth MacFarlane's pick last year , the Academy has seemed hell - bent on finding a host who might draw curious viewers — particularly , the elusive young male demographic — to the telecast .

2_1ecb.xml
World 's sexiest man ' Hugh Jackman has been roped in to host the 81st annual Academy Awards ceremony According to Laurence Mark , producer of the telecast , the Australian actor has been selected `` because we want the ceremony to be fun . He can hold the screen and he can hold a stage . It does n't hurt that he looks amazing in a tuxedo and he 's the sexiest man alive , '' People quoted him as saying . The ceremony will take place at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles on February 22 . The X men star , who is known for his hard body , he has a softer side too . Jackman sings ballads at home , makes pancakes for son Oscar , 8 , daughter Ava , 3 , as well as his wife Deborra-Lee Furness . `` Deb and my kids have been the best things that have ever happened to me , without a doubt , '' he said .

2_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . deadline . com 2013 08 ellen - degeneres - to - host - oscars Ellen DeGeneres To Host 86th Oscars Friday August 2 , 2013 @ 8 : 13am PDT Ellen DeGeneres just tweeted she will be hosting the Oscars this year . It will be her second stint in the job , after hosting the 2007 ceremony and earning an Emmy nomination for it . “ It ’ s official : I ’ m hosting the #Oscars ! I ’ d like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra “ , the comedian and talk show host said on her Twitter feed just now . The announcement of DeGeneres as host comes just a couple of days after the election of Cheryl Boone Isaacs , only the third woman to head the Academy in its 86 - year history . When she first hosted in 2007 it was noted that DeGeneres also became the first openly gay or lesbian host . Of course DeGeneres , a double - digit Emmy winner , was also nominated for an Emmy for her Oscar - hosting stint in the now - defunct category of Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program . She also famously hosted the Emmys in November 2001 after the show was canceled twice in the wake of the 9 11 tragedy . She returned to host the Emmys in 2005 , just three weeks after Hurricane Katrina . She also hosted the Grammys in 1996 and 1997 . Here ’ s the Academy ’ s official release : Television icon Ellen DeGeneres will return to host the Oscars® for a second time , producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron announced today . The Academy Awards® will be broadcast live on Oscar Sunday , March 2 , 2014 , on the ABC Television Network . “ We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars , ” said Zadan and Meron . She is beloved everywhere and we expect that the audience at the Dolby Theatre , and in homes around the globe , will be as excited by this news as we are . ” “ I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say – the third time ’ s the charm , ” said DeGeneres . “ It is an honor to welcome back Ellen DeGeneres as the host of the biggest entertainment celebration of the year , ” said Paul Lee , president , ABC Entertainment Group . DeGeneres hosted the 79th Academy Awards in 2007 , for which she received a Primetime Emmy® nomination for “ Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program . ”

2_2ecb.xml
It 's a tough job hosting the Academy Awards . It 's supposed to be entertaining , but it 's also a night for the stars to revel in the glory of an Oscar win . And the host has to be edgy and funny , without going over the line and insulting the honorees . But when it works , as it did in 1992 when tough-guy actor Jack Palance did push-ups in front of comedian and host Billy Crystal , only to become the butt of Crystal 's jokes for the rest of the night , it makes for memorable moments . On Friday , the organization behind the Academy Awards named Australian actor Hugh Jackman as the host of February 's annual show . Jackman is the first non-comedian to single-handedly host the show in recent years . The last time an Australian hosted the show was in 1987 , when to `` Crocodile Dundee '' star Paul Hogan shared the stage with actress Goldie Hawn and comedian Chevy Chase . Coming off starring in `` Australia , '' which has had only limited box office success since its Nov. 26 opening with a total box office take of $ 43 million , Jackman will rely on song and dance instead of just jokes to entertain a worldwide audience on Oscar night . He has done well hosting the Tony Awards , the Broadway version of the Oscars , but the Oscars ' audience is used to comedians on the show . On a night where hype and pomp rule , the comedian 's role is often to keep the show grounded by injecting a jester 's dose of realism . Jackman 's naming as host prompted a `` love it or hate it '' reaction here on our news floor in Los Angeles . There did n't seem to be much in between , so we thought we 'd leave it to readers to weigh in with their own thoughts . Hugh Jackman : an Oscar hit or miss ?

2_2ecbplus.xml
http : edition . cnn . com 2013 08 02 showbiz movies ellen - degeneres - oscars - host index . html Ellen DeGeneres to host 2014 Oscars August 2 , 2013 Ellen DeGeneres was so nice as an Oscars host the first time , the Academy has asked her to do it twice . "It's official : I'm hosting the #Oscars ! " DeGeneres tweeted Friday . "I'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra . " We'll get to hear more of her quips when she leads the Oscars ceremony next March . DeGeneres previously hosted the 79th Oscars in 2007 , and snagged an Emmy nod for her work . The daytime talk show host follows Seth MacFarlane , whose hosting of the 2013 Academy Awards was divisive . "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time , " DeGeneres said in the Academy's announcement .

2_3ecb.xml
The producers of the Academy Awards are counting on a mutant wolverine who is People magazine 's reigning Sexiest Man Alive to inject some desperately needed razzle-dazzle into their annual telecast . Hugh Jackman , the Australian actor known to film audiences for playing a furry comic-book hero in the X-Men movies , will be host of the 81st incarnation of the Oscars , the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced on Friday . ABC will broadcast the awards show on Feb. 22 . Its producers said they hoped to achieve multiple goals with the casting of Mr. Jackman . First , there is a desire to put more movie in the annual movie business extravaganza . Jon Stewart and Ellen DeGeneres , recent hosts , are both primarily known as television stars . Laurence Mark , a co-producer of the Oscars telecast , with Bill Condon , said there was also a desire to steer clear of stand-up comedians . `` We are trying to get away from this late-night talk show rut , '' Mr. Mark said in a telephone interview . `` It seemed to us that we needed to turn a corner and get somebody who is , imagine that , a movie star . '' Mr. Jackman 's selection is also an attempt to play to the audience at home , which has been shrinking in recent years . Viewers of the ceremony are overwhelmingly female - the Oscars are known in the advertising world as the Super Bowl for women - and producers clearly expect Mr. Jackman to turn out that demographic in droves . `` It certainly did not escape us that Hugh looks terrific in a tuxedo , '' Mr. Mark said . With any luck , a host plucked from within the movie industry 's own ranks - and less emphasis on stand-up comedy , which has often been at the expense of people sitting in the audience - will also play well inside the Kodak Theater . In recent years the crowd of movie insiders has seemed to respond to hosts with notable coldness . A representative for Mr. Jackman said he was walking a red carpet in Berlin on behalf of his current film , the epic `` Australia , '' and was unavailable for an interview . Deadlinehollywooddaily.com first reported his selection on the Web . Mr. Jackman , 40 , has never been nominated for an Oscar but has artistic credibility , an important credential for the M.C. of the film awards show . He has won positive reviews for turns in films like `` The Prestige '' and `` Kate and Leopold . '' He won a Tony Award in 2004 for his role in the musical `` The Boy from Oz . '' He also has experience as an awards show M.C. , winning an Emmy in 2005 for his appearance as host of the Tonys . He presided over that ceremony three times . The Oscars are a very different phenomenon from the Tonys . The film honors are an awkward hybrid - a telecast about the movies set in a theater - that require their host to oscillate between jocular chitchat and solemn introductions , while sprinkling in just the right amount of self-deprecation . Serving as host of the three-hour live show requires physical stamina and an ability to hold up under the emotional pressure of knowing that the television audience , while diminished in the United States , numbers several hundred million worldwide . This year Mr. Jackman will have the added pressure of serving as the ringmaster of a lavish self-congratulation-a-thon at a time of global economic crisis . Preparing for the job may prove difficult , since producers will most likely need to draw up contingency plans in the event of a Screen Actors Guild strike . The union , at loggerheads with studios over contract issues big and small , said on Wednesday that it would ask its members to authorize a strike . The union , which will announce the results of the vote in late January , sees its power to wreak havoc with the Oscars as prime leverage . The telecast has come under harsh criticism in recent years as a lumbering snore that takes itself too seriously and lacks spontaneity . Star wattage has dimmed , with many members of the A list refusing to attend unless they are nominated or have a coming film to promote . A trend toward honoring small , independent movies that most people have not seen has dented viewership . Ratings for last year 's Oscars plunged to a record low , with about 32 million people tuning in , compared with 55.3 million a decade ago . Mr. Condon and Mr. Mark , who recently served as the creative team behind the movie `` Dreamgirls , '' are trying to energize the telecast partly by making the ceremony more of a party that celebrates movies in general , not just the elite few selected by Academy voters . `` We are still at the preliminary conversation stage about what Hugh wants to do , but his theatrical talent certainly does give us reason to do at least one musical number , '' Mr. Mark said .

2_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com entertainment 2013 08 02 ellen - degeneres - to - host - oscars Ellen DeGeneres to host the Oscars Published August 02 , 2013 Ellen DeGeneres will host the Oscars for a second time next year , the Academy announced Friday . "We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars , " producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron said in a statement . DeGeneres announced the news in a tweet : "It's official : I'm hosting the #Oscars ! I'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra . " "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say - the third time's the charm , " she added in a statement . The television personality hosted the 79th Academy Awards in 2007 , becoming only the second woman to host the ceremony solo , following Whoopi Goldberg's four stints in 1994 , 1996 , 1999 and 2002 .

2_4ecb.xml
He sings , dances , acts on stage and screen , and he 's the `` Sexiest Man Alive . '' Hugh Jackman does everything but standup comedy - and that 's why the first-time Oscars host fulfills the academy 's promise to shake up the show in a way that 's as tough to predict as the winners . Jackman was announced Friday as the host of the 81st Academy Awards , a marked departure from the academy 's standard of big-name comedians . Jon Stewart , who hosted in 2008 and 2006 , and Ellen DeGeneres , the 2007 host , were the latest in a line of funny emcees since 1990 . Billy Crystal did it eight times , Whoopi Goldberg took on four , Steve Martin did it twice and David Letterman and Chris Rock each had a shot . As the parade of A-list comedians continued , ratings were in steady decline . But with new producers , a new director , new set designer and even a new music director , the academy has been hinting for months at an all-new look and feel for this year 's Oscars telecast on Feb. 22 . Having Jackman host certainly fits with that theme . Producers Laurence Mark and Bill Condon called the Australian actor `` a consummate entertainer and an internationally renowned movie star . '' `` He also has style , elegance and a sense of occasion , '' Mark and Condon said in a joint statement . `` Hugh is the ideal choice to host a celebration of the year 's movies - and to have fun doing it . '' Indeed , Jackman can be a mutant superhero ( Wolverine from the `` X-Men '' movie franchise ) , a flirtatious singing barker ( Billy Bigelow in Rodgers and Hammerstein 's musical `` Carousel '' ) , a determined magician ( `` The Prestige '' ) and a dancing penguin ( `` Happy Feet '' ) . The 40-year-old actor plays a roughhewn cattle driver opposite Nicole Kidman 's English aristocrat in the new Baz Luhrmann romantic adventure `` Australia . '' Jackman was abroad promoting the film Friday when his Oscar role was announced . `` Thirty years ago when I was in Sydney watching Johnny Carson host the Oscars with my family , I never imagined that I 'd one day have the chance to be up on that stage myself , '' he said in a statement . `` I am very grateful to the Academy for giving me this opportunity . And , excited to be working with Larry and Bill on what I know will be a fun and memorable celebration . '' Having an entertainer such as Jackman host the show necessitates a change in the well-established standard of opening the show with a jokes , said Steve Pond , author of the 2005 book `` The Big Show : High Times and Dirty Dealings Backstage at the Academy Awards . '' `` The tricky part is that while he 's charming , he 's not the kind of guy to go out there and deliver a comic monologue at the top of the show , '' Pond said . `` He 's more comfortable with a song and dance , but is a song and dance at the top of the Oscars what people want to see ? It 'll be tricky adopting what he does best to what works at the Oscars . '' But with ratings dropping for all awards shows , it 's worth shaking things up to generate interest - and the Academy Awards telecast , which posted its lowest ratings ever in February , is n't the only one trying something new . The Emmys added a category - best reality-show host - and divvied the show 's hosting duties among the five nominees . The results were disastrous: Critics panned the format and the show was one of the least-watched Emmys ever . The Grammy Awards spiced up its nominations earlier this month by trading its typical staid press conference for a glitzy , live concert special . Ratings-wise , the hourlong show came in fourth among prime-time contenders , behind such dramas as NBC 's `` Life '' and ABC 's `` Private Practice . '' Bringing in Jackman to host the Academy Awards is `` a stretch for the Oscars , but at this stage , it 's worth taking the risk , '' Pond said . `` He certainly has what it takes to do the gig if some changes are made in what that gig requires . '' Jackman also has award-winning hosting experience: He won an Emmy in 2005 for hosting the 58th annual Tony Awards in 2004 , when he also took a best-actor Tony for his performance in the musical `` The Boy From Oz . `` Jackman has never been an Oscar nominee , but was nominated for a Golden Globe for his role in 2001 's romantic film `` Kate and Leopold . '' He also served as a past presenter on the Oscar show . Jackman and his wife , Deborra-Lee Furness , have their own Oscar at home - their 8-year-old son , Oscar Maximillian . The couple also have a 3-year-old daughter Ava .

2_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . hollywoodreporter . com news ellen - degeneres - host - oscars - 598760 Ellen DeGeneres to Host Oscars 8 : 13 AM PDT 8 2 2013 She will make her second appearance as the show's emcee on the March 2 broadcast . Ellen DeGeneres will host this year's Oscars . DeGeneres herself announced the news Friday morning on Twitter , writing , "It's official : I'm hosting the #Oscars ! I'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra . " Choosing DeGeneres , known for her kindler , gentler humor , signals that the Academy's next awards show will have a decidedly different tone than the 85th Academy Awards , hosted by Seth MacFarlane , who drew criticism for routines like his song about actresses' nudity on film . DeGeneres previously hosted the show in 2007 and earned a Primetime Emmy nomination for her work . "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say - - the third time's the charm , " DeGeneres said in a statement . Zadan and Meron added : "We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars . " Newly elected Academy President Boone Isaacs said , "I agreed with Craig and Neil immediately that Ellen is the ideal host for this year's show . " Meanwhile , ABC Entertainment Group president Paul Lee said , "It is an honor to welcome back Ellen DeGeneres as the host of the biggest entertainment celebration of the year . "

2_5ecb.xml
Australian actor Hugh Jackman was named on Friday as host of February 's Oscars in a departure from the tradition of picking U.S. comedians on Hollywood 's most prestigious night . The Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences , which hands out the world 's top film honors , said Jackman , 40 , star of the romantic epic `` Australia , '' will host the televised ceremony for the first time . The actor , who also starred in the three `` X-Men '' movies and is an award-winning musical theater performer , has hosted Broadway 's Tony awards three times and last month was named 2008 's `` sexiest man alive '' by People magazine . `` Hugh Jackman is a consummate entertainer and an internationally renowned movie star , '' said Laurence Mark and Bill Condon , the new producers of the televised show . `` He also has style , elegance and a sense of occasion . Hugh is the ideal choice to host a celebration of the year 's movies -- and to have fun doing it , '' the pair said in a statement . Oscar nominations for the best movies and performances of 2008 will be announced in January . The awards will be handed out on February 22 by the Academy at the Kodak Theater in Hollywood and will be televised in the United States by the ABC network . Jackman 's choice heralds a new direction for the 81st Oscar ceremony after recent years of falling TV ratings . Typically , the program has been hosted by U.S. comedians , and in recent years , show organizers have experimented with a variety of hosting styles ranging from political satirist Jon Stewart , to edgy Chris Rock and popular Ellen DeGeneres . Mark and Condon have axed the famous opening monologue for the February 2009 show , hoping for more spontaneity overall . They said there may be a stronger element of music and dancing than previously . `` We want it to be more of a party and a celebration and a departure from the late-night talk-show format , '' Mark told Reuters . Mark and Condon have a background in musicals and worked together on the 2006 film hit `` Dreamgirls '' . Jackman , who can sing and dance , was `` genuinely thrilled '' at the offer , Mark said , but `` he wanted to make sure the format would mesh with his skills . '' The February 2008 three-hour plus broadcast , hosted for the second time by Stewart , hit a low 32 million U.S. viewers and entered the record books as the least-watched Oscars ever . Still , even an audience of that size makes the telecast annually one of the most-watched U.S. TV shows . The broadcast also is televised live in more than 200 countries worldwide . Mark said he and Condon planned to get the telecast under three hours , yet still keep the live presentations of awards and acceptance speeches .

2_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2013 08 02 ellen - degeneres - oscars - host _ n _ 3695929 . html Ellen DeGeneres Set As Oscars Host For 2014 Academy Awards Posted : 08 02 2013 11 : 10 am EDT Ellen DeGeneres will host the Oscars . The comedian and talk show host made the announcement via her Twitter feed on Friday . DeGeneres has experience hosting the Academy Awards : She previously served as emcee during the 2007 ceremony . "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time , " DeGeneres said in a press release announcing the big news . That DeGeneres was chosen as host should please critics who were unhappy with this year's master of ceremonies , Seth MacFarlane .

2_6ecb.xml
If only he 'll wear those gold lame pants . As word got out Friday that Hugh Jackman will be this year 's Oscar host , a clip from the 2004 Tony telecast of his performance from `` The Boy From Oz '' made the rounds . If you happened to miss the 2004 Tonys , Jackman , playing the flamboyant Australian songwriter Peter Allen , sang , danced and writhed his way across the stage in a leopard skin top and skin-tight gold lame pants . Will the Oscar gift baskets include smelling salts ? Jackman , who has hosted the Tonys several times and won an Emmy for doing so in 2005 , certainly knows how to hold a stage -- he won a Tony for `` The Boy From Oz '' -- and by choosing him , first-time Oscar producers Laurence Mark and Bill Condon are betting that Broadway can do what comedy could not . Previous hosts -- Jon Stewart , Ellen DeGeneres , Chris Rock -- all followed the traditional stand-up model and the ratings have steadily soured . Obviously a change is required , and though I would lean toward thinking `` television '' rather than `` Broadway '' ( why , I even wrote a piece about it , for this coming Sunday 's Calendar , before the host choice was announced ) , Jackman is , of course , another way to go . Clearly Mark and Condon are less concerned with solving the ratings crisis as they are with creating a new vibe for the show . Jackman may have more talent in his little finger than most of us do in our entire bodies , but he does n't have the fan base of DeGeneres or Rock . If you are among the thousands who loved his hosting of the Tonys , you 're probably not only watching the Oscars anyway , you 're hosting your own annual Oscar party . Yes , Jackman was just named People 's Sexiest Man Alive , and yes , he is Wolverine of `` X-Men '' but do we want Wolverine hosting the Oscars ? Probably not . Otherwise , Jackman 's movie career has been less than memorable , capped by this year 's box office dud `` Australia . '' And as last season 's mercifully short-lived `` Viva Laughlin '' proved , one talented person does not a television show make . Or at least not a good television show . But Mark and Condon are the team that brought us `` Dreamgirls , '' which actually makes Jackman an obvious choice . There 's nothing wrong with a big Broadway-esque opener similar to Billy Crystal 's famous musical clips , but with more hip action . Beyond that , however , it gets a little worrisome . The Oscars have a prickly relationship with singin ' and dancin ' and as anyone who saw Rosie O'Donnell 's recent disaster knows , nothing fails bigger than a failed variety show . What Jackman does have in his favor is an unapologetic , unabashed love for , and understanding of , theater . He is n't snarky and he is n't an outsider . He is a from-the-bottom-of-his-heart performer who seems utterly happy and at ease in front of an audience . No doubt those in the Kodak will enjoy an energetic and dazzling evening . How it will play on television remains to be seen . But maybe it 's time we stopped caring about that so much .

2_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2013 08 03 business media ellen - degeneres - to - host - next - years - oscars . html ? _ r=0 Ellen DeGeneres to Host Next Year ’ s Oscars Published : August 2 , 2013 Reaching back to television for a comedy star , the producers of the Academy Awards telecast announced Friday that Ellen DeGeneres would return next year to host the annual Oscar ceremony . The producers , Craig Zadan and Neil Meron , caused some backlash last year after giving the job to Seth MacFarlane , the creator of the “ Family Guy ” animated show on the Fox network . Ms . DeGeneres has even less to do with the theatrical movie business than Mr . MacFarlane does ( his movie “ Ted ” preceded his appearance ) but she is well liked in Hollywood and her performance as the host of the show in 2007 was widely praised . In typical fashion , she released a jokey response to the honor : “ I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say — the third time ’ s the charm . ”

2_7ecb.xml
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced Friday that Hugh Jackman will be the host of the 81st annual Oscars on Feb. 22 at the Kodak Theatre . The lanky Australian , who was recently named People magazine 's Sexiest Man Alive , is best known for playing Wolverine in the `` X-Men '' franchise , including the upcoming `` X-Men Origins : Wolverine , '' and for his romantic adventure roles in the current period drama `` Australia '' and as a vampire hunter in `` Van Helsing . '' Not exactly the wild and crazy comedy type that has been hosting the Oscars for the last 20 years , a list that includes names such as Billy Crystal , David Letterman , Steve Martin , Whoopi Goldberg , Jon Stewart and Ellen DeGeneres . In addition to looking great in a tux , the 40-year-old Jackman has TV hosting experience . He emceed both the 2004 and 2005 Tony Awards , and won an Emmy Award for his first go at hosting that award show . `` He is so sparkling and personable , and he delivers , `` said academy President Sid Ganis . `` I saw him recently at a Motion Picture Home event on the Sony lot . He is charming and pleasant . The other thing is: He loves [ being the host ] . He loves the patter . He likes to wink his eye at an audience and have fun . '' While it 's been more than two decades since a non-comedian was one of the Academy Award hosts , the Jackman announcement is hardly unprecedented . Numerous actors , directors and even producers have served as master of ceremonies . Douglas Fairbanks , Laurence Olivier , James Stewart , Ingrid Bergman , Jane Fonda , Alan Alda , Claudette Colbert , Fredric March , Agnes Moorhead , Thelma Ritter , Fred Astaire and Charlton Heston have all played host on Oscar night . `` We 're sort of going back to the pre-Bob Hope days a little bit , '' said Oscar producer Laurence Mark , explaining that the decision to return to an actor as host was influenced by a desire to change what he called the `` late-night talk-show '' feel of past programs . `` We wanted to take the show to another form , '' Mark said . `` Hugh seemed to be the perfect person . The lovely thing about the show is it is a TV show set in a theater about the movies , so the fact that he is a movie star ... he 's also an extraordinary stage presence and he does actually have an Emmy Award for hosting the Tonys . He fits all three bills . '' `` Thirty years ago when I was in Sydney watching Johnny Carson host the Oscars with my family , I never imagined that I 'd one day have the chance to be up on that stage myself , '' Jackman said in a statement . The academy is hoping that Jackman 's international appeal will help bring more viewers to the annual event that is telecast on ABC . Ratings for the Oscar telecast have declined sharply in recent years , especially among young-adult audiences . The 2008 telecast delivered 32 million total viewers , a 24 % drop compared with the previous year 's ceremony , according to figures from Nielsen Media Research . The most-watched Academy Awards in recent years was in 1998 , when `` Titanic '' won best picture . A total of 55.3 million people tuned in to watch who took home the golden statuettes . `` We hope [ Jackman 's ] appeal is going to broaden us out , '' Ganis said . `` We all know the ratings are down , but we are going to have something pretty special . ''

2_7ecbplus.xml
http : oscar . go . com blogs oscar - news ellen - degeneres - returns - to - host - the - oscars Ellen DeGeneres Returns to Host the Oscars Posted August 2nd , 2013 at 5 : 19 pm Television icon Ellen DeGeneres will return to host the Oscars® for a second time , producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron announced today . “ We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars , ” said Zadan and Meron . “ I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say - the third time's the charm , ” said DeGeneres . “ I agreed with Craig and Neil immediately that Ellen is the ideal host for this year ’ s show , ” said Cheryl Boone Isaacs , Academy President . “ It is an honor to welcome back Ellen DeGeneres as the host of the biggest entertainment celebration of the year , ” said Paul Lee , president , ABC Entertainment Group . "We very much look forward to having her back on ABC for Oscar Sunday . ” DeGeneres hosted the 79th Academy Awards in 2007 , for which she received a Primetime Emmy nomination for “ Outstanding Individual Performance in a Variety or Music Program . ”

2_8ecb.xml
Now that it 's been confirmed that Hugh Jackman will be hosting the 81st Annual Academy Awards , instantly upping the annual ceremony 's overall attractiveness , the Ampersand would like to offer some heartfelt advice to the first-time Oscar host . True , Jackman held his own just fine as the host of both the 2004 and 2005 Tony Awards , earning an Emmy for the former , but this is a whole new ballgame . So without further ado , Hugh , a list of dos and don'ts when hosting the Academy Awards: DO Keep jokes tight , snappy and to-the-point , a la Jon Stewart . Stewart pulled off a television miracle last year when he hosted the 2007 Oscars only 11 days after the WGA writer 's strike ended , meaning that his jokes and opening speech were last-minute writes . This did n't seem to dampen Stewart 's usual comedic flair . Keeping a constant string of quick ( and often political ) one-liners coming at the audience , who had to keep on their toes so as not to miss anything , he made sure that the ceremonies did n't get bogged down , keeping things lively . My personal favourite quip: `` Oscar is 80 this year , which makes him now automatically the front-runner for the Republican nomination . '' A `` John McCain is so old '' joke is never in bad taste ! Stewart also oozed confidence , despite lackluster reviews of his hosting job in 2006 . DO Channel Johnny Carson . Carson is considered the epitome of the Oscar host . He hosted the ceremony five times and found that magical place where a joke is just biting enough , but does n't sting . `` I see some new faces here , especially on the old ones , '' he joked in one opening speech . See ? Slightly scathing , but playful . After all , the last thing you want to do is piss off your entire industry . DO Allow yourself to get star-struck . Even the Hollywood heavy-weights that host the Oscars are allowed to be overwhelmed by the folks the statuettes are being presented to . While obviously a part of her act , there was something very endearing about Ellen DeGeneres pausing in her host spiel to snap a Myspace picture of her and Clint Eastwood and letting the audience know what a thrill the experience of hosting for them was . Nothing 's going to get the audience on your side like admitting they they impress you . DO Go Big . Hollywood has never been about self-restraint or simplicity . When celebrating the movie industry you 've got to be lavish . While Jackman has a certain composed air about him and oozes class ( have you seen a picture of him in a tux ? ) he could benefit from a spectacular entrance like Whoopi Goldberg 's in 1999 ( she waltzed on stage in full Queen Elizabeth get-up ) . It 's Hollywood : go big , baby . DO Watch the time Since the introduction of the play-off music that cuts award recipients off when they get too long-winded ( is there anything more embarrassing than watching an A-lister chase the microphone as its lowered into the stage in order to get that last thank-you in ? ) , the Oscars have been trimmer in recent years . But just as dangerous as the ceremony going over is it running short . It happened in 1959 . Then host Jerry Lewis forced that year 's winners to dance awkwardly around the stage in order to fill the last twenty minutes of his broadcast . Mortifying . Avoid at all costs . DO N'T Appropriate . It will always be funny when Billy Crystal relives the year 's greatest films ( or rather , dodges certain death within them ) in an intricate opening montage . He 's done it eight times already and it has yet to get old . That being said , it 's Crystal 's thing . Jackman will have to come up with his own trademark hosting quirk . Might I suggest flashy , high-kicking song and dance numbers ? DO N'T Do anything that David Letterman did . Enough said . DO N'T Be afraid to be abusive or controversial . While no one ever wants to see a repeat of Michael Moore 's rant in 2001 , it 's the snippy , daring jokes and comments that are remembered , like Steve Martin 's improvistation right after the aforementioned tirade .

2_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . reuters . com article 2013 08 02 us - oscars - degeneres - idUSBRE9710UQ20130802 Comedian Ellen DeGeneres picked to host 2014 Oscars Fri Aug 2 , 2013 6 : 50pm EDT Comedian Ellen DeGeneres will make her second appearance as an Academy Awards host next year , organizers said on Friday , in a move widely seen as a less provocative choice for Hollywood's highest honors after a ribald performance by Seth MacFarlane . DeGeneres , the star of her own daytime talk show "Ellen , " first hosted the Oscars in 2007 , becoming only the second woman to fill that exalted role alone , after Whoopi Goldberg . "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time , " DeGeneres said in a statement . "You know what they say - the third time's the charm . " "I'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra , " the comedian added on Twitter . DeGeneres , 55 , earned an Emmy nomination for her performance in 2007 in which she departed from traditional Oscar hosting decorum and ventured into the audience for spot gags , at one point handing director Martin Scorsese a script of her own . "Choosing DeGeneres , known for her kindler , gentler humor , signals that the Academy's next awards show will have a decidedly different tone than the 85th Academy Awards , " trade magazine The Hollywood Reporter wrote . DeGeneres also earned praise for her performance as the host of TV's Emmy awards in 2001 , which was twice delayed because of the September 11 attacks , memorably lightening the somber mood by asking , "What would bug the Taliban more than seeing a gay woman in a suit surrounded by Jews ? " The announcement of DeGeneres as host also comes on the heels of Hollywood marketing executive Cheryl Boone Isaacs being elected as the first African American president of the 6 , 000 - member Academy , which has made an effort to diversify its ranks after coming under fire for being too male , old and white . Trade publication Variety saw the choice of DeGeneres as a continuation of the Academy's "Year of the Woman , " writing that the Oscars "will put women in the driver's seat . "

2_9ecb.xml
And the legitimization of funnybooks continues , as today the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has announced that Wolverine himself will be hosting the 81st Academy Awards , proving once again that he 's the best there is at what he does - even hosting a major awards ceremony ! Okay , so it 's a bit of a stretch there , but regardless , today it was announced that one of our own , Hugh Jackman , will be the host of the ceremony , televised live on Sunday , February 22 , 2009 , from the Kodak Theatre at Hollywood and Highland Center on ABC . While it 's certainly clear that Jackman has come into his own as one of Hollywood 's top leading men of both stage and screen , what us geeks know him best as is Wolverine from both the `` X-Men '' series of films as well as next year 's `` X-Men Origins : Wolverine . '' In a statement released today by the Academy , producers had this to say about their choice of Jackman as the telecast 's host , `` Hugh Jackman is a consummate entertainer and an internationally renowned movie star . He also has style , elegance and a sense of occasion . Hugh is the ideal choice to host a celebration of the year 's movies - and to have fun doing it . ''

2_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . theguardian . com film 2013 aug 02 ellen - degeneres - host - oscars - 2014 Ellen DeGeneres to host Oscars in 2014 This will be second time hosting for the daytime talkshow star who will follow on from Seth MacFarlane's savaged 2013 stint The comedian Ellen DeGeneres announced on Friday that she is to return as host of the Academy Awards , the second time she has been tasked with saving the Oscars a year after a poorly received performer . For the 2014 show , she follows a heavily criticised performance this year by the Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane . In 2007 , she put the Oscars back on an even keel after poor reviews for the satirist Jon Stewart in 2006 . "I am so excited to be hosting the Oscars for the second time . You know what they say – the third time's the charm , " DeGeneres said in a statement . She is a safe bet for the Academy , following an outraged reaction to the misogynistic jokes that peppered MacFarlane's script . While MacFarlane's performance generated high ratings for the broadcast – 40 . 3 million people watched , 2% higher than the year before – he said he would not host the Oscars again because of the negative response . DeGeneres however , has a history of well - received hosting gigs . She was nominated for a Primetime Emmy for her performance as Oscars host in 2007 . She also garnered positive responses as a two - time Emmy Awards host , carrying the ceremony shortly after 9 11 and then after Hurricane Katrina . Her previous Oscar gig , in which Martin Scorsese's The Departed took home the top prize , was watched by 39 . 9 million people . DeGeneres made the announcement on Twitter on Friday and said : "It's official : I'm hosting the #Oscars ! I'd like to thank @TheAcademy , my wife Portia and , oh dear , there goes the orchestra . " Academy Award producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron said in a statement : "We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres host the Oscars . "

