20_10ecbplus.xml
http : secretdubai . blogspot . nl 2005 11 did - earth - move - for - you . html 27 NOVEMBER , 2005 Did the earth move for you ? Because it didn't down here at Cell Block G . Dubai experienced a slight "tremor" today , after a more serious earthquake in Southern Iran , resulting in the evacuation of Emirates Towers and a few other scrapers : "Witnesses in high - rise buildings said they felt the ground shaking beneath them for about a minute . Many residents evacuated their buildings and waited on the streets . " Expect endless earthquake experts in the papers tomorrow , such as the prophetic Dr Azm Al Homoud : "We should stop saying the UAE is not in an earthquake prone area . I must say we are near major epicentres across the Arabian Gulf and fall within the collision area . " Inmates in the far southern gulags miss out on everything . Cut off by distance , traffic and general lethargy : the forgotten folk in the shadow of the Jebel .

20_11ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2005 nov 28 world fg - quake28 Earthquake Levels Villages on Iranian Island of Qeshm Ten people are killed and about 50 hurt . U . S . Geological Survey puts the magnitude at 6 . 1 . November 28 , 2005 Ten people were killed and at least 50 injured when an earthquake razed mud - brick villages on the Persian Gulf island of Qeshm off Iran's southern coast Sunday , officials and state media said . Tehran's seismologic center put the quake's magnitude at 5 . 9 , but the U . S . Geological Survey in Golden , Colo . , said it was 6 . 1 . A magnitude 6 quake can cause severe damage . The temblor was felt across the gulf in Oman and the United Arab Emirates . State - run TV reported that the island's airport sustained minor damage , and part of a hospital collapsed . No further details on structural damage were provided . State media said three strong aftershocks were felt . "The earthquake was really strong , and people poured into the streets in panic . My husband immediately rushed off to one of the stricken villages , " said Sara Sadeqi , 22 , a homemaker in Qeshm City . State television quoted the disaster center in the province of Hormozgan as saying 10 people were killed . Qeshm Gov . Heidar Alishvandi said 50 were injured . Mohsen Kazemi from Iran's Red Crescent relief agency said the four hardest - hit villages were Tonban , Gavarzin , Khaledin and Gourian . Qeshm is the biggest island in the gulf and is a free - trade zone with a population of more than 100 , 000 . It is famed for its palm forests , and its beaches are much loved by tourists and nesting sea turtles .

20_1ecb.xml
Quake hits island off south Iran , five hurt : media A 5.6 magnitude earthquake hit an island off Iran 's southern coast on Sunday , injuring five people and damaging buildings , Iranian media said . The tremor struck an area around the town of Dargahan on Qeshm island , at the entrance to the Gulf through which 40 percent of the world 's traded oil passes . `` So far only the collapse of walls of houses in the villages of Zainabieh and Koohi has been reported , '' Qeshm Governor Mehdi Irannejad told ISNA news agency . Another news agency quoted the governor as saying five people had received treatment after being injured by the quake , which struck seven km ( 4 miles ) east of Dargahan . The governor told Iranian media that 2,000 tents were ready in case they were needed , and medical teams with supplies and rescue equipment had been sent to check villages near Dargahan . Iran , the world 's fourth-largest oil producer , is criss-crossed by faultlines and often experiences earthquakes . A powerful quake with a magnitude of 6.1 struck southern Iran in September near the port city of Bandar Abbas , on the mainland near Qeshm island , killing at least seven people and injuring 40 , 15 of them on Qeshm .

20_1ecbplus.xml
http : news . bbc . co . uk 2 hi middle _ east 4475546 . stm Last Updated : Monday , 28 November 2005 , 02 : 24 GMT Ten dead in southern Iran quake A powerful earthquake has hit southern Iran , killing at least 10 people , injuring dozens more and damaging several villages , officials say . The 6 . 1 - magnitude quake struck Qeshm island , home to 120 , 000 people , and the city of Bandar Abbas , state media said . On Qeshm island , between half and two - thirds of homes in five villages had been damaged , officials said . The quake , which struck at 1353 ( 1023 GMT ) , was felt in the neighbouring Gulf states of Oman and the UAE . Iran sits in a volatile earthquake region and is regularly struck by damaging quakes . A 6 . 7 - strength quake killed more than 26 , 000 people in the ancient city of Bam in December 2003 . 'We panicked' The US Geological Survey put the epicentre of Sunday's quake at about 58km ( 36 miles ) south - west of Bandar Abbas . Heydar Alishbandi , Governor of Qeshm island , said five villages had been badly hit , but the worst - affected areas appeared to be in the less - populated west . Helicopters ferried the injured to hospital but the authorities say the rescue effort is now winding down . Mr Alishbandi told the AFP news agency he was not expecting the death toll to rise . The BBC's Frances Harrison in Tehran says in one incident a number of children suffered broken legs as they rushed to evacuate their school . The initial tremor lasted just over 10 seconds , she says , and there have been at least four aftershocks of around 4 . 0 . Qeshm is a popular tourist destination in the mouth of the Persian gulf . It has a free trade zone and a commercial and fishing port as well as a sanctuary for the conservation of turtles The main town on Qeshm still has power , water and electricity connections and officials say they are sending relief goods such as tents to those who have lost their homes "We were panicked . I saw an injured person with blood on their clothes being taken to a local hospital , " one woman in Qeshm told AFP . There were reports of people fleeing buildings in the larger city of Bandar Abbas , a major port , but no indications of serious damage . The surrounding area has not been hit by a quake in more than 25 years . A 6 . 4 - magnitude quake hit the town of Zarand in Iran's Kerman province in February , killing hundreds of people .

20_2ecb.xml
Five Wounded by Quake in Southern Iran An earthquake measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale jolted Qeshm island off Iran 's southern coast on Sunday , followed by several aftershocks on Monday . The tremor struck an area around the town of Dargahan on Qeshm island , at the entrance to the Persian Gulf , injuring five people and damaging buildings . The Seismological network of the Geophysics Institute of Tehran University registered the quake at 17:06 hours local time ( 13:36 GMT ) . The epicenter of the quake was located in an area 55.96 degrees in longitude and 26.94 degrees in latitude . The quake has been followed by frequent aftershocks varying from 2.8 to 3.8 degrees on the Richter scale on Monday . `` So far only the collapse of walls of houses in the villages of Zainabieh and Koohi has been reported , '' Qeshm Governor Mehdi Irannejad said . The governor also said that five people had received treatment after being injured by the quake , which struck seven km ( 4 miles ) east of Dargahan . The governor said that 2,000 tents were ready in case they were needed , and medical teams with supplies and rescue equipment had been sent to check villages near Dargahan . Residents in Dubai and the Northern Emirates also felt the quake .

20_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . payvand . com news 05 nov 1266 . html 11 28 05 Aftershocks jolt Iran's Qeshm island , death toll rises to 10 The sixth aftershock shook this southern Iranian island in the Persian Gulf on Monday as death toll from a strong earthquake a day before rose to 10 . The new death toll came after the bodies of two more victims were found in the village of Ziranag which is one of the 12 worst - hit villages in the quake , Qeshm Governor Heydar Alishvandi said . He said search was going on for several people who were reported to be missing . As many as 80 people were also wounded . Alishvandi said some of the injured were transferred by helicopter to the provincial capital of Bandar Abbas on the coast , including several who were in critical condition . The governor stated that as many as 2 , 000 people in rural regions needed accommodation , half of whom had been given temporary housing . He cited tents , blankets , canned food and drinking water as the most needed items . Alishvandi said the first truck of public aid donations , including tents , blankets , canned food and water tanks were sent to the affected regions Monday morning . Meanwhile , the head of the Interior Ministry's Natural Disasters Headquarters , Abbas Jazayeri , said that the situation on the Qeshm island was under control . He said relief workers had completed the shipment of urgent needs including foodstuff , tents and blankets to all affected villages . But residents at the village of Gavarzin complained that relief operations were slow . Speaking to IRNA , they said they had not received aid almost a day after the quake . "Houses in the village of Gavarzin have been destroyed 100 percent and we have now no refuge to take , " Jassem Chabok said , adding all their furniture had been buried under rubble . A series of aftershocks have hit the island since it was first rocked by a magnitude - 5 . 9 earthquake early Sunday afternoon . The seismological bases of Tehran University registered a quake measuring 3 . 8 on the Richter scale at 09 : 10 hours ( 0440 GMT ) on Monday . The earthquake knocked down power in rural areas , sinking them into darkness . Local officials were struggling Monday to restore electricity . Flights from and into the International Qeshm Airport were resumed Monday morning . The airport received minor damage in the quake . The tremor also damaged hospitals on the island , including one which was reported to have stopped providing medical service . The worst hit villages sustained between 40 and 80 percent damage . A team of experts from the governorate of the Hormuzgan province arrived in the affected areas Monday to assess damage to infrastructure . The head of the team , Alireza Safa , estimated that between 50 and 70 percent of the industrial structure in the 12 worst - hit villages might have been destroyed . Qeshm , a 1 , 500 - square - kilometer island off the coast southwest of Bandar Abbas and 1 , 500 kilometers south of Tehran , has a population of more than 100 , 000 . Iranians are still haunted by harrowing images of the world's worst disaster in December 2003 , in which more than 31 , 000 people were killed in the ancient city of Bam . The country is prone to earthquakes and tremors of lower magnitude are usual occurrences .

20_3ecb.xml
A strong 5.6 -magnitude earthquake jolted part of Qeshm island in the Gulf off Iran 's southern Hormozgan province at 17:06 pm ( 1336 GMT ) on Sunday , state television reported , cited by AFP . According to the student ISNA news agency , the quake on the outskirts of Dargahan , a small town on the island , injured two people . `` Two people from Zinbi village were hurt but their general condition is satisfactory , '' Qeshm governor Mehdi Irannejad was quoted as saying . Houses in two villages were also reported damaged , he added .

20_3ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news world 2005 - 11 - 27 - iran - quake _ x . htm Posted 11 27 2005 7 : 21 AM Updated 11 27 2005 3 : 41 PM Strong earthquake jolts southern Iran , felt in Oman An earthquake measuring at least magnitude - 5 . 9 shook a sparsely populated area of southern Iran on Sunday , flattening seven villages and killing 10 people , officials said . The temblor was felt as far away as Oman and the United Arab Emirates . Heidar Alishvandi , the governor of Qeshm , was quoted by state - run television as saying rescue teams were deployed to the affected area and people in the wrecked villages moved quickly to safely . Another provincial official , Ghasem Karami , told The Associated Press that high casualties were not expected because the area was not heavily developed . Tehran's seismologic center said the quake measured magnitude - 5 . 9 , but the U . S . Geological Survey in Golden , Colo . , said it was a magnitude - 6 . 1 temblor . A magnitude - 6 . 0 quake can cause severe damage . Iran's seismologic center said the epicenter was in the waters of the Persian Gulf between the port city of Bandar Abbas and Qeshm Island . The USGS said the quake was 35 miles southwest of Bandar Abbas . Masoud Dalman , head of Hormozgan province's emergency affairs , said several buildings on Qeshm Island were damaged . The island , which has about 200 , 000 residents , is about 940 miles south of Tehran , the capital . Shahram Alamdari , head of the rescue unit for the Iranian Red Crescent , said two helicopters were evacuating injured from Qeshm to Bandar Abbas , a city of 500 , 000 people that also was jolted by the quake . Iranian television ran video from Qeshm showing minor damages to some buildings and a few injured being taken to hospitals . The report said the villages of Karavan and Kousheh were worst hit , but no footage was shown from those sites . The quake cut telephone links between Qeshm Island and the mainland , the report said . In Oman and the United Arab Emirates , buildings were evacuated and people fled into the streets . "Power and water supplies were not affected , " said Alireza Khorshidzadeh , a local journalist . "People poured into the streets , fearing aftershocks . " In Dubai , one of the seven emirates of the UAE , several buildings in the skyscraper - lined central business district were evacuated . They included the twin Emirates Towers , the highest buildings on the main street , where many international corporations and Dubai government institutions have offices . "It lasted around 30 seconds or so — you could feel the building moving and the coffee cups shaking , " said public relations executive Bina Mathews . Iran is located on a number of seismic fault lines and , on average , experiences at least one slight quake every day . The last major quake to hit southern Iran was in February , when a magnitude - 6 . 4 temblor rocked Zarand , a town of about 15 , 000 people in Kerman province 602 miles southeast of Tehran . It killed 612 people and injured more than 1 , 400 , leveling several villages and leaving thousands of people homeless .

20_4ecb.xml
Quake shakes southern Iran , damages residential buildings An earthquake with a magnitude of 5.6 on the Richter scale shook the southern Iranian island of Qeshm and caused damage to residential buildings in villages on Sunday , ISNA news agency reported . Several residential units in the villages Kavouhi and Zinabieh in the Dargehan area were damaged and two villagers slightly injured , the governor of Qeshm , Mehdi iran-Nejad , told ISNA . Relief aid and medical teams have already been dispatched to the quake site , the official said . The same island was hit by a 6.1 quake in September . That temblor killed at least six people , injured almost 50 and caused heavy damage to residential units in September .

20_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . terradaily . com news disaster - management - 05zzzzzc . html Iran Villagers Shelter In Tents After Killer Quake Nov 28 , 2005 Iranian rescue workers handed out blankets , food and water Monday to survivors of a powerful earthquake on a Gulf island that killed 10 people and forced villagers to spend the night in tents . Power was restored to the afflicted villages on the Gulf island of Qeshm after a blackout caused by the quake , which struck on Sunday with a force of about 6 . 0 on the Richter scale . "We have distributed the needed tents , blankets , fresh water and food to survivors , " the governor - general of Hormouzgan province , Abdolreza Sheikholeslami , told state television . He said 30 of the 80 wounded remained in hospital after the tremor , which destroyed or damaged an estimated 1 , 500 mudbrick houses in about 15 villages on the island and was felt across the Gulf in the United Arab Emirates . "Most of the buildings in the villages are not safe to live in any more . However , by nightfall all those who need tents will be provided with one , " the head of the provincial natural disaster service , Massoud Dalman , told the television . Qeshm island governor Heydar Alishbandi told AFP that a total of 10 people had been killed and that the death toll was not expected to rise further . "Around 1 , 000 people are housed temporarily in tents and another 2 , 000 are waiting to be housed , " he said , adding that the weather was warm with temperatures of about 28 degrees Celsius ( 82 degrees Fahrenheit ) . "We are not facing shortages and the relief operations are going smoothly . " Some panicked residents of the island , which is situated off the coast from the large port city of Bandar Abbas and is home to about 100 , 000 people , slept outside after a second quake jolted the area several hours later . The rocky and barren island was hit almost two years after the southeastern city of Bam - - situated 300 kilometers ( 190 miles ) to the north - - was destroyed in a quake that killed tens of thousands of people . State news agency IRNA quoted the head of Qeshm's free - trade zone , Ali Rezapour , as saying the quake caused damage estimated at around 54 million dollars , with 50 schools and about 1 , 500 houses rendered unsafe . Qeshm , located 1 , 150 kilometers ( 700 miles ) southeast of Tehran , has a busy commercial and fishing port and is also a popular weekend sunshine getaway for Iranian tourists . Airport chief Ali Naghavi was quoted by IRNA as saying that operations had resumed after being halted on Sunday . The island's main town , also called Qeshm , was undamaged . The most affected villages were identified as Gabardin , Tonban , Karvan , Tourian and Khaldin - - all situated in the less densely populated west of the island . Iran sits astride several major faults in the earth's crust , and is prone to frequent earthquakes . In February , a quake measuring 6 . 4 on the Richter scale hit the southern town of Zarand , killing 612 people and wounding around 1 , 400 . In December 2003 , the southeastern city of Bam was razed by a 6 . 7 degree quake that left more than 31 , 000 people dead . Mehdi Zareh , the head of Iran's Seismic Research Center , said there was no tsunami risk from the latest quake . "Because the Persian Gulf is not very deep , a tsunami is not expected , " he told the student news agency ISNA .

20_5ecb.xml
Iran 's state television says a magnitude-5.2 quake has injured three people in the Persian Gulf Island of Qeshm . The report says the earthquake struck the island at 5:11 p.m. local time . The U.S. Geological Survey put the quake 's strength at magnitude-5.4 . Monday 's earthquake was the second one to hit Qeshm in the past 24 hours . Earlier on Sunday a 5.6 quake jolted the island , some 930 miles south of the capital , Tehran .

20_5ecbplus.xml
http : news . softpedia . com news 5 - 9 - Earthquake - Jolts - Iran - 13476 . shtml November 28th , 2005 , 09 : 11 GMT 5 . 9 Earthquake Jolts Iran A 5 . 9 magnitude earthquake has leveled seven villages in Iran's southern area , killing 10 persons and wounding other 70 , Iranian officials were quoted by AP as saying . According to Iran's seismologic center , the epicenter of the earthquake was in the waters of the Persian Gulf , between the port city of Bandar Abbas and Qeshm Island . Qeshm's governor , Heidar Alishvandi , told the state television that rescue teams have been deployed to the affected areas and that the population from the villages is now safe . A reporter of the Iranian news agency , IRNA , said that the only hospital in Qeshm was full of people and that there was a shortage of medical facilities . According to the same agency , the Deyrestan village saw serious destruction , while Tonban and Goursin were all but destroyed . The main temblor was followed by at least four major aftershocks , with magnitudes ranging from 3 . 6 to 4 . 3 , which increased the panic among villagers . Qeshm , a 1 , 500 - square - kilometer island off the coast southwest of Bandar Abbas and 1 , 500 kilometers south of Tehran , has a population of more than 100 , 000 .

20_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . democraticunderground . com discuss duboard . php ? az=view _ all&address=102x1949657 'Several die' in south Iran quake Novemer 27 , 2005 A powerful earthquake has hit southern Iran , destroying several villages and killing at least three people and injuring others , according to reports . The 5 . 9 - magnitude quake struck Qeshm island , home to 120 , 000 people , and the city of Bandar Abbas , state media said . The governor of Qeshm island told the AFP news agency four villages had been destroyed and three people killed . The quake , which struck at 1353 ( 1023 GMT ) , was felt in the neighbouring Gulf states of Oman and the UAE .

20_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . cbc . ca news world strong - quake - hits - southern - iran - 1 . 563290 Posted : Nov 27 , 2005 8 : 20 AM ET Last Updated : Nov 27 , 2005 8 : 10 PM ET An earthquake with a magnitude of at least 5 . 9 hit southern Iran on Sunday , killing at least 10 people and injuring many others . The quake was centred near Qeshm Island , home to 200 , 000 people , the U . S . Geological Survey said . Buildings were toppled in the island's capital , Qeshm City , as well as in the the villages of Tonban , Gavarzin and Khaledi . The main hospital on Qeshm was having trouble keeping up with the number of injured , Iran's official news agency IRNA said . It's "full of wounded , " the agency reported . The quake also shook the major port city of Bandar Abbas and was felt in nearby countries . In Oman and the United Arab Emirates , buildings were evacuated and people fled into the streets . An office worker in Dubai said the tremor lasted 30 seconds and was strong enough to shake buildings along the skyscraper - lined central business district . On Saturday , more than a dozen people were killed by a quake in eastern China . It destroyed thousands of buildings and left nearly half a million homeless .

20_8ecbplus.xml
http : query . nytimes . com gst fullpage . html ? res=9A0DE2DE1431F93BA15752C1A9639C8B63 Powerful Quake in Iran Kills 10 ; 80 Hurt and 7 Villages Damaged Published : November 28 , 2005 A powerful earthquake hit southern Iran on Sunday , causing major destruction in seven villages and killing 10 people and injuring 80 . The tremor shook Oman and the United Arab Emirates as well , forcing many office workers to evacuate their buildings . The official IRNA news agency and the United States Geological Survey said it had a magnitude of 5 . 9 . Iran's seismologic center said the epicenter of the earthquake was in the waters of the Persian Gulf , 35 miles southwest of the port of Bandar Abbas . Iran is on seismic fault lines . A major earthquake killed more than 31 , 000 in city of Bam in central Iran in 2003 , and 600 were killed in the city of Zarand in February in an earthquake with a magnitude of 6 . 4 . The tourist Island of Qeshm on the Persian Gulf and seven of its villages were most strongly affected by the quake . It hit at 1 : 53 p . m . local time and was followed by at least four strong aftershocks , IRNA reported . The news agency also reported that one of the major hospitals on the island , in the village of Jeyhian , was destroyed and the village's power lines were cut . The island's airport was also damaged . Abdolreza Sheikholeslami , the governor of Hormozgan Province , the center of the damaged area , said 40 percent to 70 percent of the buildings in seven villages were destroyed , IRNA reported . Two helicopters began moving the injured to the hospital in Bandar Abbas , and aid workers began distributing food , blankets and tents in the region , the governor said . Qeshm is Iran's largest island in the Persian Gulf , with a population of 120 , 000 . The quake jolted several cities in the United Arab Emirates , across the Persian Gulf from Iran . Office workers in Dubai , United Arab Emirates , evacuated several buildings in the city , pouring onto the streets and snarling traffic . There were no reported injuries in Dubai . Mehdi Zareh , director of the seismological center in Tehran , dismissed concerns that the earthquake would cause tsunamis , IRNA reported . ''The Persian Gulf is not deep enough so that we can expect tsunamis , '' he was quoted as saying . Map of Iran highlighting epicenter of earthquake : A tremor shook southern Iran yesterday , causing major damage .

20_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . ameinfo . com 72760 . html Iranian earthquake tremor hits Dubai Sunday , November 27 - 2005 at 16 : 12 Tremors from an earthquake registering 6 . 1 on the Richter scale 60km south west of Bandar Abbas in Iran were felt in Dubai today , prompting the evacuation of high - rise buildings on the Sheikh Zayed Road and in the Dubai Media City . Some eye witnesses reported sensing a definite tremor for one minute , although others told AME Info they had not felt anything . UAE authorities are now said to be contacting the US Geological Survey for details of this seismic activity , which is already listed on the USGS website , www . earthquake . usgs . gov , under the section for recent activity ( see address below ) . The website reported 65 responses from Dubai . The earth tremor hit a triangular area between Ras Al Khaimah , Al Ain and Dubai . This follows warnings from local UAE academics that earthquake faultlines in Iran could have serious implications for building stability in the UAE . Seismic risk Scientists such as Dr Azm Al - Homoud from the American University of Sharjah have been trying to educate engineers , governments and the construction industry about the risks . Today's incident is bound to prompt a more serious interest in their work . However , high - rise buildings in the UAE all conform to international construction standards and are designed to withstand the sort of minor tremors reported today , although buildings are always thoroughly checked after such events to ensure their integrity . The Dubai authorities are expected to move swiftly to reassure residents that there has been no damage to persons or property . The emirate is not believed to have had such a tremor in living memory , and clearly some people have been shaken . Such tremors are common in many major cities of the world , but Dubai residents have not felt them before and will be looking for answers to the question of likely future seismic activity in the emirate . But there appears no reason for alarm , as the earthquake was in Iran .

