21_10ecb.xml
Man with murder in death at Bloomington store A Bloomington man has been charged with third-degree murder in a hit and run that killed a woman at the Bloomington Sam 's Club store . Anthony Phillip LaSalle was also charged Friday with three counts of criminal vehicular homicide . LaSalle is expected to appear in court next Monday . Police say 66-year-old LuAnn Marie Johnson , of Burnsville , was killed Wednesday night when she was struck twice by LaSalle 's car outside the store . Authorities say the 36-year-old LaSalle had a blood alcohol level of 0.41 % . That 's more than five times the legal limit . Police say they had to Taser him to get him out of his car , and that he told them he fled because he had drank a half-liter of vodka before driving to the store .

21_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . injurylawofnewyork . com blog 2013 09 new - york - woman - killed - in - hit - and - run - crash . shtml New York woman killed in hit - and - run crash On behalf of Howard R . Sanders , Esq . posted in Pedestrian Accidents on Wednesday , September 18 , 2013 . According to investigators , a woman was killed by a hit - and - run driver in Queens on the night of Sept . 13 . At approximately 7 p . m . , the woman was walking near the intersection of 117th Street and 97th Avenue in Richmond Hill . She was walking among some parked cars when she was hit by a grey Toyota Camry that had been traveling north on 117th Street . The driver fled the accident scene but was apprehended by police officers . The driver was charged with DWI , leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death , criminally negligent homicide and vehicular manslaughter . A hit - and - run accident may be considered an example of extreme recklessness or carelessness on the part of a driver . A personal injury attorney might review a hit - and - run accident case and suggest seeking punitive damages . In some instances , it is possible to collect damages that exceed compensation for lost wages , medical expenses and funeral costs . The intention is to punish reckless and negligent drivers and also to send a message to other drivers . If the family wishes to seek only compensation for accident - related expenses , the attorney may negotiate for a settlement outside of court . On the other hand , if the family decides to seek punitive damages , the attorney might request a jury trial in civil court . If the at - fault driver was charged or convicted in criminal court , it may help support the claim of recklessness . The attorney may use police reports , photos and evidence to build a convincing argument on behalf of the family . If the judge and jury are persuaded by the argument and evidence presented , they may find in favor of the plaintiffs and award punitive damages .

21_11ecb.xml
Bloomington Sam 's Club hit-run driver 's alcohol level : .41 The suspect in the death at a Sam 's Club had a blood- alcohol level more than five times the legal limit , according to charges , and he admitted he felt his car run over someone . A man accused of running down and killing a woman in front of a Bloomington store had a blood-alcohol level that was more than five times the legal limit , according to charges filed Friday . Anthony Phillip LaSalle , 36 , was charged with third-degree murder and three counts of criminal vehicular homicide. His blood-alcohol level was 0.41 percent , according to the charges . The legal limit in Minnesota is 0.08 percent . The charges say that he admitted to drinking a half-liter of vodka Wednesday and that he said he fled because he had been drinking . LuAnn Marie Johnson , 66 , of Burnsville was struck as she walked into Sam 's Club at 200 W. American Blvd. on Wednesday night . Police said she was in a marked crosswalk about 7 p.m. when a vehicle knocked her to the pavement . The man driving momentarily stopped , and a man believed to be Johnson 's husband screamed , `` No , no , no ! '' and tried to prevent the car from driving off . Instead , LaSalle gunned the engine and drove over Johnson , hitting her and dragging her 10 feet as he sped away , a witness said . Johnson died at Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis . The car then sideswiped a parked vehicle before leaving the parking lot and heading west on American Boulevard . Police stopped LaSalle , of Bloomington , when he hit another vehicle two blocks away at the intersection of American Boulevard and Lyndale Avenue . According to the charges , police stopped LaSalle 's vehicle and tried to make contact , but LaSalle refused to comply , saying officers `` would need to kill '' him . Officers used a Taser to subdue him , said Sgt. Marty Earley . LaSalle was taken to Fairview Southdale Hospital in Edina to treat a cut on his head and to take a blood sample to measure his alcohol content , the charges said .

21_11ecbplus.xml
http : gothamist . com 2013 09 14 driver _ charged _ in _ fatal _ queens _ hit . php Driver Charged In Fatal Queens Hit & Run A driver has been charged with DWI and criminally negligent homicide after police say he struck and killed a woman in Queens last night . According to an NYPD release , 59 - year - old Raj Chohan was walking along parked cars on 117th Street near 97th Avenue at around 7 p . m . last night when 23 - year - old Vishwanand Subryan struck Chohan with his 2013 Toyota Camry as he was traveling north . Subryan fled the scene , but was arrested nearby . Chohan was pronounced dead at Jamaica Hospital . Subryan was also charged with vehicular manslaughter , and leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death . “ They drive reckless around here , " a bystander told CBS . "Always reckless . "

21_12ecb.xml
Woman struck , killed in Bloomington Authorities have released the name of a 66-year-old woman who was walking outside the Sam 's Club in Bloomington when she was struck and killed by a motorist . Police identified the victim on Thursday as LuAnn Marie Johnson of Burnsville . Johnson was walking in a crosswalk outside the store when she was struck around 7 p.m. Wednesday . Police say a man outside the Sam 's Club told the 36-year-old driver to stop but he kept going . Police pulled him over a few blocks away and say they had to Taser him to get him out of the car . The woman was pronounced dead at HCMC .

21_12ecbplus.xml
http : theforumnewsgroup . com 2013 09 19 grandmother - killed - by - drunk - driver - in - hit - and - run - accident - in - richmond - hill - queens - da - says GRANDMOTHER KILLED BY DRUNK DRIVER IN HIT - AND - RUN ACCIDENT IN RICHMOND HILL , QUEENS DA SAYSSEPTEMBER 19 , 2013 A 59 - year - old grandmother on her way to a religious service in Richmond Hill last Friday was hit and killed by an allegedly drunk driver who fled the scene of the accident that left her family and friends devastated , Queens District Attorney Richard Brown said . Raj Chohan , who lived in South Ozone Park , was walking towards a Sikh temple for a Friday evening service when Vishwanand Subryan , 23 , of Schenectady , N . Y . , allegedly mowed into the older woman with his gray 2013 Toyota Camry around 7 p . m . , police said . Emergency workers rushed to her side and brought her to Jamaica Hospital Medical Center , where Chohan – an immigrant from India who leaves behind a husband , son and two grandchildren – died later that night , police said . Subryan has been charged with vehicular manslaughter , criminally negligent homicide , driving while under the influence of alcohol , and leaving the scene of an accident without reporting it , the DA said . “ Drinking and driving is a deadly combination – one that has the potential of turning a vehicle into a lethal weapon , ” Brown said in a prepared statement . “ In this case , the defendant is accused of getting behind the wheel while under the influence of alcohol , being unable to maintain proper control of his vehicle , and striking a pedestrian before speeding away without checking to see if she needed medical assistance . ” Arraigned on Sept . 15 , Subryan was ordered held on $200 , 000 bail and is expected to return to Queens Supreme Court in Kew Gardens on Oct . 2 . According to the criminal charges , two police officers from the 102nd Precinct were stationed on 117th Street at approximately 7 p . m . on Friday night , when they heard a loud bang behind them and one of the officers saw fluorescent garments fly in the air . When the officers turned around , they allegedly saw Subryan speed past them . He then allegedly ran a stop sign and red light when police began to pursue him , the DA said . When cops stopped the car , police allegedly observed Subryan to have bloodshot watery eyes and slurred speech and smelled of alcohol , according to Brown . Additionally , he was allegedly swaying and unsteady on his feet when he got out of his car – which police wrote had a dented hood , a cracked bumper and front headlight , and scuff marks on the hood , the NYPD said . The driver was taken to the 112th Precinct , where police documented that he allegedly had a blood alcohol content of . 09 percent – above New York ’ s legal limit of . 08 percent . A civilian witness at the scene also told police that they saw a car speed by and then saw Chohan , who was wearing bright yellow clothing and went into cardiac arrest , laying in the street , the DA said . Video surveillance from the area showed the vehicle striking Chohan , causing her to become airborne , according to Brown . The tragic event was one of three accidents involving pedestrians in the city last weekend . A female pedestrian was struck and killed by a motorist when she was crossing Queens Plaza North near 27th Street a little before 10 p . m . on Friday , according to police . The unidentified woman was pronounced dead at Mount Sinai Hospital . Maria Dulce - Valencia , 27 , was also killed in a hit - and - run accident , police said . She was hit around 5 a . m . Sunday morning at Bruckner Boulevard and Evergreen Avenue in the Bronx ’ s Soundview neighborhood .

21_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . timesledger . com stories 2013 38 srichhillhitrun _ web _ 2013 _ 09 _ 14 _ q . html Man charged with DWI , leaving scene after S . Rich Hill mother killed in crash : NYPD A 59 - year - old woman was killed in a hit - and - run crash while visiting a former neighbor to welcome his new daughter - in - law to the family Friday evening , and the man allegedly behind the wheel of the car that hit her was charged with driving drunk , police and the woman ’ s friend said . Raj K . Chohan was walking alongside parked cars on 117th Street and 97th Avenue at about 7 p . m . when she was struck by a gray 2013 Toyota Camry , which then sped off , according to cops . “ The husband and wife came to visit , ” said South Richmond Hill resident Suri Charanjit . “ He was with her when it happened . ” Charanjit said he and his family came out of their home on 117th Street and saw a crowd of people gathered and EMS performing CPR on Chohan . Emergency responders were called in and took Chohan to Jamaica Hospital , where she was later pronounced dead , the NYPD said . Residents along 117th Street said a police cruiser happened to be pulled over on the side of the road near where the crash occurred , and immediately chased the vehicle . Police said the officers caught up with 23 - year - old Vishwanand Subryan of Schenectady a few blocks away - at 115th Street and 101st Avenue - where he was taken into custody without incident . Subryan was charged with vehicular manslaughter , criminally negligent homicide , leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death and DWI , the NYPD said . Chohan , who is a mother to a married son and daughter , had been in her former neighborhood to visit Piara Singh , according to Charanjit who translated for Singh . She had moved about a mile and a half away five or six years ago , her friend said . As part of a Sikh tradition , she had been visiting to greet Singh ’ s daughter - in - law , who recently arrived from India , and present her with gifts , he explained . Chohan had called Singh ’ s house to let the family know she was outside and asked that someone open the door . “ When [ Singh ’ s ] son came out , he saw her on the floor , ” Charanjit said . Both Charanjit and Singh complained cars speeding along 117th Street . “ The cars come straight from 103rd Avenue . They have no stop sign , no bump , nothing but green until 95th Avenue , ” Charanjit said . “ This is just a side street . We want to have a stop sign . ”

21_14ecbplus.xml
http : www . timesunion . com local article Schenectady - man - charged - in - fatal - Queens - crash - 4817202 . php Schenectady man charged in fatal Queens crash Published 12 : 17 am , Monday , September 16 , 2013 A Schenectady man has been charged in a fatal hit - and - run crash that killed a woman in Queens Friday night , New York Police said . Vishwanand Subryan , 23 , was charged with vehicular manslaughter , criminally negligent homicide , leaving the scene of an accident and driving while intoxicated , police said . Subryan allegedly struck Raj Chohan , a 59 - year - old grandmother , as she walked along parked cars on 117th Street in Queens when the car struck her and fled the scene . Chohan was unconscious and unresponsive when officers and EMS arrived , police said . She was taken to Jamaica Hospital , where she was pronounced dead , police said . Subryan was arrested without incident shortly after the crash , police said .

21_1ecb.xml
Police arrest suspect in fatal Bloomington hit and run The driver allegedly hit a 66-year-old woman near a Bloomington parking lot and fled the scene . Police said alcohol was a factor . A woman hit and killed by a motorist Wednesday night outside a Sam 's Club store in Bloomington might be alive if the driver had listened to bystanders who frantically pleaded with him to stop . LuAnn Marie Johnson , 66 , of Burnsville , was walking into the store at 200 W. American Blvd. with her husband when she was struck just after 7 p.m. , said Sgt. Marty Earley . She was in a marked crosswalk when the car hit her . The impact knocked Johnson to the ground . As she lay in front of the motorist 's vehicle , a man standing next to her screamed , `` No , no , no ! '' and tried to get the driver to stay put . Instead , the driver gunned the engine and drove over Johnson , hitting her and dragging her 10 feet as he sped away , said witness Angela Benson , who had just exited the store with her two young sons and was 20 feet away . `` It was horrible to see , '' said Benson , a managing editor at WCCO-TV , Ch. 4 . `` He took off like a bullet . People were just screaming . '' Johnson was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis , where she died . After hitting her , the suspect sideswiped a parked vehicle before leaving the parking lot and heading west on American Boulevard . Police stopped Anthony Phillip LaSalle , 36 , of Bloomington , when he hit another vehicle at the intersection of American Boulevard and Lyndale Avenue . They used a Taser to subdue him . LaSalle was arrested and booked into the Bloomington city jail , Earley said . He is now being held in the Hennepin County jail on probable cause for criminal vehicular operation . Police were still gathering statements from several witnesses Thursday morning , but `` we do know alcohol was a factor , '' Earley said . LaSalle is expected to be charged today , Earley said .

21_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . ny1 . com content news 188792 woman - killed - in - queens - hit - and - run - - driver - charged Woman Killed In Queens Hit - And - Run , Driver Charged Updated 09 14 2013 01 : 03 PM A woman has died after being hit by a car that fled the scene in Queens , and now , the driver is facing manslaughter charges . Witnesses say 59 - year - old Raj Chohan was leaving her car on 117th Street in South Richmond Hill Friday when she was hit by a silver Toyota Camry and sent flying into the air . She died at the hospital . Police caught up with the driver , who is from Schnectady , a few blocks away . He has been charged with vehicular manslaughter , negligent homicide and fleeing the scene of an accident .

21_2ecb.xml
Hit and run outside Bloomington Sam 's Club leaves woman dead A woman died Wednesday night after being struck by a hit-and-run driver outside a store in Bloomington , according to a report from WCCO-TV Channel 4 . The woman was walking in a crosswalk outside the Sam 's Club at 200 W. American Blvd. around 7 p.m. when she was hit , the station reported . A bystander tried to stop the driver , but he drove off . Police pulled the 36-year-old driver over a few blocks away , the station reported . The victim , who was in her 60s , was taken to Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis , where she was pronounced dead , according to the report . The station also reported that when the driver was arrested , he was uncooperative and officers had to use a Taser to subdue him . Police believe the driver was drinking at the time of the crash , WCCO-TV reported .

21_2ecbplus.xml
http : abclocal . go . com wabc story ? section=news local new _ york&id=9248033 Queens hit and run leaves woman dead Saturday , September 14 , 2013 Police have a suspect in custody after a hit and run accident that killed a woman in Queens Friday night . Investigators say 59 - year old Raj Chohan was hit while walking along parked cars at 97th Avenue and 117th Street in Richmond Hill at about 7 p . m . Police say she was struck by a grey Toyota Camry heading north on 117th Street , which then fled the scene . They later apprehended the suspect , identified as 23 - year old Vishwanand Subryan of Schenectady , New York . He has been charged with Vehicular Manslaughter , Criminally Negligent Homicide , Leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death , and DWI . Eyewitness News has learned from people in the neighborhood that the victim is originally from Punjab , India . She was in the neighborhood visiting someone . She doesn't live on the block . Eyewitness News spoke to one man who says he called 911 after he heard a crash . "I see a person lying down . This is a mom , a female , and then I dialed 911 , " said Mahadeo Rambrich , a witness . "What did the person look like when you saw her lying on the ground ? " Eyewitness News asked . "Not responding . She was unconscious , " Rambrich said . This neighborhood is mostly made up of Indian and Guyanese families , and residents describe it as peaceful and quiet . There's a temple there . But Friday night , everyone was shaken up by what happened .

21_3ecb.xml
Charges Filed In Parking Lot Drunken Hit-And-Run The Hennepin County Attorney filed criminal charges Friday against the man who they say hit and killed a woman walking out of a store . Anthony Phillip LaSalle is now in jail for that crime . Bloomington Police say he drank so much his blood-alcohol level was 0.41 , more than five times the legal limit . LaSalle faces serious charges , including murder and vehicular homicide . Both of them are felonies . The criminal complaint in this case gives details about exactly what happened Wednesday night . LaSalle drank 1/2 liter of Vodka before he drove to the Sam 's Club in Bloomington and parked his car . As he was leaving the lot , he accelerated rapidly , and felt his front and rear left side tires drive over someone . LuAnn Marie Johnson was hit at such a high rate of speed that her feet came out from under her and she hit her head on the pavement as she fell . The car dragged her 10 feet . Johnson and her husband were walking out of the store about 7 p.m . They were in the crosswalk when the car came speeding toward them . Michael Gallagher happened to be right there , too . `` Our hearts and prayers are with the man who lost his wife who died , '' said Gallagher , who threw down his Salvation Army Bell and ran to Johnson and her husband to help . `` He was pretty shook up . He tried to provide first aid for and tried to provide comfort for her , '' said Sgt. Marty Earley with the Bloomington Police Department , as he described Gallagher 's actions . Minutes later , Bloomington Police saw the car LaSalle was driving . They tried to contact LaSalle , but they say he was uncooperative and refused to get out of his vehicle , saying that officers would need to kill him . Those police officers had to use a taser to get him out of his car . They say he smelled like alcohol and had glassy eyes . Bloomington Police officers gave Johnson first aid and questioned people who saw the hit-and-run . Johnson suffered a head trauma and her injuries were severe . She died an hour later at Hennepin County Medical Center .

21_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york queens hit - and - run - driver - kills - queens - granny - article - 1 . 1456300 Queens grandmother killed by a drunk hit - and - run driver Raj Chohan , 59 , was killed by a drunk hit - and - run driver as she was on her way to attend religious services on Friday . SATURDAY , SEPTEMBER 14 , 2013 , 9 : 29 PM A grandmother crossing a Queens street to attend a religious service Friday was mowed down by a drunken hit - and - run driver , cops and family said . Raj Chohan , 59 , had just parked her car and was walking alongside other parked vehicles toward a Sikh temple when she was struck by a gray 2013 Toyota Camry heading north on 117th St . near 97th Ave . about 7 p . m . , police said . Chohan , who lived half a mile away in South Ozone Park , was rushed to Jamaica Hospital , where she later died . “ We are really just shocked , ” said her nephew , Ravi Singh , 32 , of Coney Island . “ She was so nice . She always takes care of everybody . ” A cop patrolling on foot happened to see the fleeing vehicle and alerted other officers , who pulled the heartless driver over at 115th St . and 101st Ave . Vishwanand Subryan , 23 , of Schenectady , N . Y . , was charged with vehicular manslaughter , criminally negligent homicide , driving drunk and leaving the scene of a fatal accident . “ He should be punished , in jail , for the rest of his life , ” Singh said . “ We were a very close family . ” Chohan , an Indian immigrant , lived with her husband , son and two grandkids . “ The grandkids were her whole life and joy , ” a family friend said . “ She was a very caring person . ”

21_4ecb.xml
Man charged in deadly hit and run outside Sam 's Club A man has been charged in a hit and run accident that killed a 66-year-old Burnsville woman . Anthony Phillip LaSalle of Bloomington was charged on Friday with third degree murder and three counts of criminal vehicular homicide . LaSalle is expected to appear in court next Monday . LuAnn Marie Johnson , 66 , of Burnsville was killed Wednesday night when LaSalle struck and killed her as she was walking outside a Sam 's Club in Bloomington . LaSalle , 36 , had a blood alcohol level of 0.41 percent . That 's more than five times the legal limit . Police say a man outside the Sam 's Club told LaSalle to stop but he kept going . Police pulled LaSalle over a few blocks away and say they had to Taser him to get him out of the car .

21_4ecbplus.xml
http : newyork . cbslocal . com 2013 09 14 cops - queens - woman - killed - in - hit - and - run Cops : Queens Woman Killed In Hit - And - Run Driver Charged With DWI , Vehicular Manslaughter September 14 , 2013 10 : 46 AM A 59 - year - old mother of two died when a drunken driver struck her with his car and then drove off , police said . Raj Chohan , 59 , of Queens , had just parked her car around 7 p . m . Friday at 97th Avenue and 117th Street in Richmond Hill when she was hit by a 2013 Toyota Camry , which then fled , police told 1010 WINS ’ Glenn Schuck . A police officer that was parked nearby and witnessed the incident chased after the car and arrested Vishwanand Subryan , 23 , of Schenectady , several blocks away . Subryan is charged with DWI , vehicular manslaughter and leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death . Chohan was pronounced dead at Jamaica Hospital . Several neighbors ran outside to try to help the woman . “ Oh man , she was bad , ” one man told Schuck . “ There was nothing we could do . Everybody was just standing there all confused , like they can ’ t believe that this happened over here . She was out cold . ” “ My wife was getting ready to go out with the kid , and she screamed that somebody hit another car and ran away , ” another neighbor said . “ When I went to check , I saw the lady lying on the floor , but she wasn ’ t breathing or anything . ”

21_5ecb.xml
Man charged in fatal Bloomington hit and run The man police say is behind a fatal hit and run outside a Sam 's Club store in Bloomington , now faces a murder charge . The Hennepin County attorney 's office handed down charges to Anthony Phillip Lasalle Friday , which include one count of third-degree murder and three counts of criminal vehicular homicide . Police said 66-year-old LuAnn Marie Johnson , of Burnsville , was with her husband when she was struck in the crosswalk outside the store , located at 200 West American Boulevard , around 7 p.m. Wednesday . Paramedics rushed Johnson to Hennepin County Medical Center where she died . `` Kind , gentle , Christian , loved the Lord , and she 's better off where she is now , '' said Lois Scholz , a friend of LuAnn 's . Scholz lives across the hall from LuAnn and her husband Leroy . `` Leroy was blessed and he 's comfortable with this , '' Scholz said . `` I talked with him and he 's very at peace with the idea that she 's with the Lord . '' After a struggle , officers were able to apprehend the Bloomington man a few blocks away from the scene , by using a taser . During his flee , Lasalle struck two other vehicles , but no one was injured , according to authorities . According to the criminal complaint , Lasalle was transported to Fairview Southdale Hospital to be treated for his injures he sustained during his apprehension . He also had blood drawn , which was tested , and resulted in showing his blood-alcohol level was .41 . Lasalle told police he had drank a half-liter of vodka before driving to Sam 's Club . He also admitted that he knew he had hit someone and was required to stop . However , he told officials that because he was drunk , it affected his decision to leave the scene . State records show Lasalle has three prior DUI convictions , spanning from 1990 to 1991 . He also has two motor vehicle theft convictions . Lasalle is in custody . If convicted , he faces up to 55 years in prison , a $ 60,000 fine , or both .

21_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . dnainfo . com new - york 20130914 richmond - hill woman - killed - queens - hit - and - run - police - arrest - allegedly - drunk - driver Woman Killed in Queens Hit - And - Run , Police Arrest Allegedly Drunk Driver on September 14 , 2013 11 : 41am | Updated on September 14 , 2013 11 : 41am An allegedly intoxicated driver who tried to flee after striking and fatally injuring a woman in Queens has been charged in her murder , according to police . Police responded to the Richmond Hill crash on the corner of 117th Street and 97th Avenue at 7 : 01 p . m . on Friday to find the unconscious Raj K . Chohan , 59 , of College Point , lying in the roadway , the NYPD said . EMS crews rushed Chohan to Jamaica Hospital for treatment , where she was later pronounced dead . An initial investigation of the scene revealed that Chohan had been walking alongside the parked cars on 117th Street when she was struck by a vehicle heading northbound , police said . The driver took off after the accident , but witnesses identified the vehicle as a grey 2013 Toyota Camry and Vishwanand Subryan , 23 , of Schenectady , was identified and arrested not far from the scene , police said . Subryan was charged with criminally negligent homicide , vehicular manslaughter , leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death , and driving while intoxicated . An investigation into the crime is still ongoing , police said .

21_6ecb.xml
Pedestrian Fatally Hit Outside Bloomington Sam 's Club Police use Taser to arrest hit-and-run suspect Police have arrested a man in the hit -and-run death of a woman in the parking lot crosswalk at Sam 's Club in Bloomington . 66-year-old Luann Johnson , of Burnsville , was hit while walking in the crosswalk around 7 p.m. Wednesday night . The driver fled the scene after the woman was hit . Her husband watched it happen . Anthony Phillip LaSalle , 36 , of Bloomington , was pulled over a few blocks away , where police say he was uncooperative , refusing to exit his car . After the suspected motorist hit the woman , he allegedly hit another car in the parking lot and another car on American Boulevard . There , LaSalle , also known by law enforcement as `` Crazy T , '' was eventually Tasered and taken into custody . He has a prior DWI conviction in Minnetonka from 1992 . Police say alcohol was a factor in the accident . LaSalle is expected to face charges on Friday of criminal vehicular homicide , DWI , and driving with a limited license .

21_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nyaccidentcase . com blog 2013 09 hit - and - run - crash - leaves - queens - mother - of - 2 - dead . shtml Hit - and - run crash leaves Queens mother of 2 dead On behalf of Newman , Anzalone & Newman , LLP . posted in Hit and Run Accidents on Friday , September 20 , 2013 . In New York , there are laws about what to do if you have been involved in an accident . One extremely important law is that both drivers must remain at the scene of the crash if someone was injured or killed . This law helps make sure that no one is left behind to try to get help on their own . Unfortunately , some people are too afraid of the other potential consequences of a serious crash that they choose to flee the scene , leaving victims to fend for themselves . This type of negligence can lead to a delay in treatment , which could result in death . Just last week , a serious hit - and - run accident took place in Queens . When a 59 - year - old woman stepped out of her car at 97th Avenue and 117th Street , she was struck by a car . Instead of stopping to help her , however , the driver fled the scene . Sadly , the mother of two died from injuries she sustained in the crash . Thankfully , a police officer was nearby and saw the collision . He chased down the driver and eventually arrested him . The driver was charged with drunk driving , leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death , and vehicular manslaughter . For victims injured in a hit - and - run accident and the family members of those who were killed by hit - and - run drivers , the aftermath of such accidents can be very difficult to deal with . On top of trying to recover from injuries or grieving the loss of a loved one , many people wonder how they will be able to obtain compensation for costs incurred due to the accident . Even if you don't know who hit you , there are ways to obtain compensation for the damages inflicted in a hit - and - run crash . Whether you work with an attorney to find the driver or pursue compensation through your personal injury protection coverage , there are ways to make sure you get the financial help you need after an accident .

21_7ecb.xml
Police Release ID Of Woman Killed In Parking Lot According to police , Anthony LaSalle , 36 , of Minneapolis , hit and killed a 66-year-old LuAnn Marie Johnson in the parking lot of the Bloomington Sam 's Club Wednesday night . Holiday shopping turned traumatic for dozens of people in Bloomington Wednesday night after a woman was killed right in front of them , while her husband struggled to keep her alive . Police said Johnsonwas in the crosswalk around 7 p.m. when the car first hit her . The driver , LaSalle , then paused as Johnson 's husband tried to stop him . Then LaSalle hit the gas , running her over and dragging her as he tried to get away . `` The moment he hit that gas , I went , that woman just died , '' said WCCO TV Managing Editor Angela Benson . Just seconds before , Benson and her two young sons were walking in the same crosswalk . `` I turned around and there 's a man telling a car 'No , no , no , stop , wait a second . ' And there 's a woman laying on the ground in front of the tire , '' recalled Benson . She said the driver then gunned the car and took off , hitting several cars in the parking lot along the way . `` He hit her and rolled over her , and she rolled under his car a good 10 feet , '' Benson said . Police caught up to him after he rear-ended a parked car at a stop light on Lyndale Avenue . `` The driver was uncooperative , made some veiled threats that they 'd have to shoot him to get him out . He was subsequently tased by police , '' said Bloomington Police Sgt. Marty Earley . Meantime , Salvation Army bell ringer Michael Gallagher ran to help Johnson and her hysterical husband . `` He was pretty shook up . He tried to provide first aid for her , and tried to provide comfort for her , '' said Earley . Gallagher was back on the job the next day . He had only one thing to say about the horrible thing he saw the night before . `` Our hearts and prayers go out to the man and his wife who died , '' he said . That 's something that Benson echoes . `` I just feel sad , I feel really sad for that man crying over his wife , '' she said . Police arrested LaSalle for drunk driving . According to his police record , this is his second DWI and he uses the alias `` Crazy T '' . He 's expected to be charged with the hit-and-run by noon on Friday . Investigators say Sam 's Club is looking over its surveillance tape and will hand it over to police to check out . A Sam 's Club spokesperson said this is a terrible tragedy and their hearts and thoughts are with the woman 's family .

21_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnewyork . com news local Richmond - Hill - Hit - Run - Woman - Critical - Condition - Queens - 223712941 . html Woman Killed in Queens Hit - Run , Driver Charged The woman was taken to Jamaica Hospital in traumatic arrest Saturday , Sep 14 , 2013 Police say a 59 - year - old woman died after being struck by a vehicle in Queens Friday night and that officers found and arrested the driver who hit her a few blocks away . Raj Chohan was hit by a 2013 gray Camry near 117th Street and 97th Avenue in Richmond Hill . The victim's nephew said she had just gotten out of a car and was walking when the car "came out of nowhere" and hit her from behind . "Her forehead hit the back of the headlight , and the headlight broke , " said Manpreet Singh . "Everybody's in shock right now , " said Singh . The driver , who police identified as Vishwanand Subryan , fled the scene but was apprehended by police shortly afterward . Subryan , 23 , was charged with vehicular manslaughter , criminally negligent homicide , leaving the scene of an accident resulting in death and driving while intoxicated . Information on a lawyer for Subryan was not immediately available .

21_8ecb.xml
Authorities have released the name of a 66-year-old woman who was walking outside the Sam 's Club in Bloomington when she was struck and killed by a motorist . Police identified the victim on Thursday as LuAnn Marie Johnson of Burnsville . Johnson was walking in a crosswalk outside the store when she was struck around 7 p.m. Wednesday . Police say a man outside the Sam 's Club told the 36-year-old driver to stop but he kept going . Police pulled him over a few blocks away and say they had to Taser him to get him out of the car . The woman was pronounced dead at HCMC .

21_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . onenewspage . com n US 74w12pc39 Woman - Killed - In - Queens - Hit - And - Run - Accident . htm Woman Killed In Queens Hit - And - Run Accident , Driver Charged A woman has died after being hit by a car that fled the scene in Queens Friday , and now , the driver is facing manslaughter charges .

21_9ecb.xml
Arrest made in Bloomington hit and run Police arrested a man they believe to be the hit and run driver who killed a 66-year-old woman outside the Sam 's Club in Bloomington . Bloomington officers said LuAnn Marie Johnson , of Burnsville , was walking with her husband was hit in the crosswalk of the parking lot of the store , located off American Boulevard , around 7 p.m. Wednesday . Paramedics rushed Johnson to Hennepin County Medical Center where she died . Police said they pulled over the driver , Anthony LaSalle , a few blocks away after he had struck two other vehicles while fleeing the scene . Officials had to use a Taser on LaSalle to get him out of his car . According to court records , LaSalle has three prior DUI conviction spanning from 1990 to 1991 . He also has two motor vehicle theft convictions . LaSalle is in custody , pending formal charges that are expected Friday . The crash is still under investigation .

21_9ecbplus.xml
http : cached . newslookup . com cached . php ? ref _ id=225&siteid=2182&id=3110701&t=1379163972 Woman Killed In Queens Hit - And - Run Accident , Driver Charged Updated 9 : 06 AM A woman has died after being hit by a car that fled the scene in Queens , and now , the driver is facing manslaughter charges . Witnesses say 59 - year - old Raj Chohan was leaving her car on 117th Street in South Richmond Hill Friday when she was hit by a silver Toyota Camry and sent flying into the air . She died at the hospital . Police caught up with the driver , who is from Schnectady , a few blocks away . He has been charged with vehicular manslaughter , negligent homicide and fleeing the scene of an accident .

