22_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcphiladelphia . com news local Trail - Begins - for - Kraft - Shooting - Suspect - 169150416 . html Trial Begins for Kraft Shooting Suspect The murder trial of a suspended female employee who allegedly shot and killed two co - workers two years ago starts Monday . Monday , Sep 10 , 2012 | Updated 9 : 01 AM EDT The murder trial for the suspended Kraft foods employee accused of shooting three co - workers , killing two of them , starts Monday . Yvonne Hiller , 43 , is charged with murder for the shooting deaths of two female co - workers in September 2010 . Hiller is also charged with attempted murder for allegedly shooting and injuring a third co - worker . Police say that the shootings happened minutes after Hiller was suspended from her job at the Kraft Plant following an altercation with the three victims . They say she forced her way through security at gunpoint , walked into the employee lounge where the three victims were and shot them .

22_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . forbes . com sites jennagoudreau 2010 09 10 female - shooter - yvonne - hiller - kills - two - at - kraft - shooting 9 10 2010 @ 1 : 19PM Female Employee Yvonne Hiller Kills Two In Kraft Shooting In a sad and surprising reversal of gender roles , a disgruntled woman opened fire at a Kraft factory in Philadelphia last night , killing two workers and wounding two others . The shooting happened moments after the employee , Yvonne Hiller , was suspended from her job at Kraft , where she ’ d worked for 15 years , the Daily News reports . After being escorted from the snack plant , she re - entered 10 minutes later with a handgun . About 100 people were in the building when she began shooting . Hiller was taken into custody after a standoff with the SWAT team . A Kraft representative confirmed Hiller is now in police custody and that one of the wounded employees is in the hospital . “ This is a sad time for the Kraft Foods family , ” a statement reads . “ We are working closely with the authorities as they investigate this situation , and our facility is closed until further notice . ” Unfortunately , the most surprising aspect of this incident is the shooter ’ s gender . Women shooters are rare but may be on the rise . In February , a woman opened fire at the University of Alabama , killing three and injuring several others . Reportedly , she was a professor whose tenure had been denied . Two years ago , a female college student committed a shooting at a Louisiana college .

22_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . xhuffingtonpost . com 2010 09 10 kraft - shooting - yvonne - hil _ n _ 712178 . html Kraft Shooting : Yvonne Hiller Charged With Two Counts Of Murder 09 10 10 08 : 23 PM ET A Kraft Foods plant worker who had been suspended for feuding with colleagues , then escorted from the building , returned minutes later with a handgun , found her foes in a break room and executed two of them with a single bullet each and critically wounded a third , police said Friday . Yvonne Hiller , 43 , had gotten into an argument Thursday evening with her co - workers at the northeast Philadelphia plant , police said . After she was disciplined , she went to her vehicle , made several phone calls , and then grabbed a . 357 Magnum and used it to force her way past security guards at the front gate . About 100 people were at work at the plant , which makes Nabisco cookies and crackers . Hiller walked to the third - floor mixing area and found four people in the break room . She had no quarrels with one woman and told her to leave . She then opened fire on the others , Philadelphia Homicide Capt . James Clark said . "She believed they were spraying chemicals at her , saying things behind her back , " Clark said . After leaving the break room , Hiller went down a hallway and fired shots at the supervisor who had suspended her and at a mechanic who was using a walkie - talkie to alert police and co - workers to her whereabouts , police said . She missed both . Hiller finally went to a second - floor office and called police to tell them what she had done , authorities said . Seven other workers were hiding in a closet nearby . Cpl . Janice Leader , a 911 dispatcher , told reporters Friday that Hiller called 911 , saying "I'm the one you're looking for" and reporting that she had been harassed at work . Keeping her on the line , Leader said she told Hiller to put the gun down and place her hands on her head so officers wouldn't take any aggressive action against her . When tactical police who had entered the plant found her , Hiller was in a fetal position on the floor , the gun beside her . Police called the mechanic a hero who "did a phenomenal job" in alerting employees to evacuate the building and directing officers to where Hiller was . "By following the suspect at great peril to himself – and we can see that by the fact that he was shot at and almost hit – he reduced our tactical problem quite dramatically , " Chief Inspector Joe Sullivan said . Police identified the victims as Tanya Renee Wilson , 47 ; LaTonya Sharon Brown , 36 ; and Bryant A . Dalton , 39 , all of Philadelphia . Wilson and Brown died at the plant . Dalton , shot in the neck , remained in intensive care Friday at Jefferson University Hospital , police said . The plant will remain closed indefinitely , Kraft said . "We suspended the employee when she became agitated and used profanity . We wanted the opportunity to investigate the situation , " Kraft said in a statement Friday . Hiller was charged with two counts of murder , one count of attempted murder , aggravated assault and other charges . She had a permit to carry the gun , authorities said . Hiller has worked for Kraft for about 15 years , and had been in repeated arguments there in the past several years , a few of them physical , Clark said . Yet a next - door neighbor described Hiller as a quiet woman who kept to herself but said she was polite and exchanged pleasantries when they saw each other . Catherine Hillgen , who has lived on the tidy middle - class city block for about 45 years , said Hiller moved in several years ago with her son but recently has been living alone . She initially dismissed a neighbor's report Thursday that Hiller might be involved in a fatal workplace shooting , but then heard her named on the news Friday . "It was a complete shock , " Hillgen said . "I would not expect it . " Kraft , based in Northfield , Ill . , also makes Oreo cookies , Philadelphia cream cheese , Oscar Mayer bacon and other products . Mass shootings are rarely carried out by women , said Dr . Park Dietz , president of Threat Assessment Group Inc . , a Newport Beach , Calif . - based violence prevention firm . Earlier this year , Amy Bishop , a former instructor and researcher at the University of Alabama's Huntsville campus , was charged with murder in a campus shooting spree that left three biology professors dead and three other employees wounded . She claimed the shootings "didn't happen . " Thursday's shooting came just weeks after a driver who had been accused of stealing from a Manchester , Conn . , beer distributorship fatally shot eight people , then himself . The driver , who was black , had seethed with a sense of racial injustice in his job , said his girlfriend . But the beer distributor's president said there was no record to support claims of "racial insensitivity . "

22_13ecbplus.xml
http : voices . yahoo . com krafts - food - shooter - yvonne - hiller - charged - two - 6762404 . html ? cat=17 Krafts Food Shooter Yvonne Hiller Charged with Two Counts of Murder Hiller Feuded with Co - Workers Prior to Shooting ; Risk Factors and Prevention of Workplace Violence Sep 10 , 2010 Yvonne Hiller , a suspended Kraft Foods employee at the company's Philadelphia factory , returned Thursday evening , gunned down two women and leaving a man wounded with shots to the neck and shoulder . Another man was also injured but not seriously . A few minutes after being escorted from the facility by security , Hiller drove her car through a security barrier and entered where roughly 100 people were . According to the Philadelphia Inquirer , she was carrying a . 357 Magnum handgun . According to the Huffington Post , police say Hiller feuded with her victims prior to their shooting deaths . Hiller made her way to the third - floor mixing room where she worked , located her victims in the break room , and opened fire . She also fired through a wall at police officers but none were hit . The SWAT team apprehended Yvonne Hiller while she hid in a second - floor office and she has been charged with two counts of murder . Kraft has closed the Philadelphia factory until further notice . Kraft Food's Susan Davison said , "This is a tragic loss for all of us . To assist our employees , we will be providing counseling services at the facility . At this time , we are still trying to confirm the facts . " Davison added , "We again express our deepest condolences to the families who have been touched by this tragedy . "

22_14ecbplus.xml
http : news4allz . blogspot . nl 2010 09 kraft - shooting - yvonne - hiller - charged . html 11 09 2010 Kraft Shooting : Yvonne Hiller Charged With Two Counts Of Murder A Kraft Foods plant worker who had been suspended for feuding with colleagues , then escorted from the building , returned minutes later with a handgun , found her foes in a break room and executed two of them with a single bullet each and critically wounded a third , police said Friday . Yvonne Hiller , 43 , had gotten into an argument Thursday evening with her co - workers at the northeast Philadelphia plant , police said . After she was disciplined , she went to her vehicle , made several phone calls , and then grabbed a . 357 Magnum and used it to force her way past security guards at the front gate . About 100 people were at work at the plant , which makes Nabisco cookies and crackers . Hiller walked to the third - floor mixing area and found four people in the break room . She had no quarrels with one woman and told her to leave . She then opened fire on the others , Philadelphia Homicide Capt . James Clark said . "She believed they were spraying chemicals at her , saying things behind her back , " Clark said . After leaving the break room , Hiller went down a hallway and fired shots at the supervisor who had suspended her and at a mechanic who was using a walkie - talkie to alert police and co - workers to her whereabouts , police said . She missed both . Hiller finally went to a second - floor office and called police to tell them what she had done , authorities said . Seven other workers were hiding in a closet nearby . Cpl . Janice Leader , a 911 dispatcher , told reporters Friday that Hiller called 911 , saying "I'm the one you're looking for" and reporting that she had been harassed at work . Keeping her on the line , Leader said she told Hiller to put the gun down and place her hands on her head so officers wouldn't take any aggressive action against her .

22_1ecb.xml
Sixty-year-old Sharron Diane Crawford Smith is now accused of murdering two women at a Staunton ice cream store in 1967 .

22_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcphiladelphia . com news local Co - Worker - Calls - Alleged - Shooter - Very - Spiritual - 102624529 . html Co - Worker Calls Alleged Shooter : "Very Spiritual" Friday , Sep 10 , 2010 | Updated 8 : 52 PM EDT "She's not a loose cannon . She's a hard worker , works very hard . She's very spiritual . " Kenneth Dorsey says the woman accused of killing two co - workers and critically injuring a third at the Kraft plant in Northeast Philly is a good person . And so were the two women she's accused of gunning down with a . 357 Magnum , just minutes after she'd been suspended and escorted from the building . Dorsey's been at the plant for 37 years and worked on the third floor with the three victims and the alleged shooter , Yvonne Hiller . "They had argued , from what I was told , they argued , " Dorsey told NBC10's Rosemary Connors after the shootings Thursday night . "I had just started my job , you know and I heard like bang , bang , but you hear noises everyday at a bakery so you don't pay any mind . " Then a co - worker yelled , "Come on , you got to leave now ! She's shooting . " After the shootings , Hiller holed up in an office on the second floor where the SWAT team found her after co - workers who were hiding in the office next door tipped off building security . "I never thought in my deepest heart that it would come down to this , " Dorsey said . Some co - workers said she had a history of run - ins with other workers and management , Dorsey said like anyone , they sometimes had their differences , but always got along . "We talked about her Muslim faith and I wished her happy Ramadan , " Dorsey said . "I might be wrong , but my guess is she had some people that she had issues with and a personal agenda , a score she had to settle . " Dorsey said the shooting was going to be hard on everyone . "We're like family here . " "Tell your audience to keep the families in your prayers , however you pray - - whether you're Jewish , Christian , Muslim - - we're all in shock . . . and I lost two of my closest friends . . . I'm gonna go home and take a shower and read the Bible and pray . Hopefully , I can get through this .

22_2ecb.xml
A 60-year-old woman charged with killing two young women in a Staunton ice cream shop 41 years ago was released without bail , authorities said Friday , because she is dying from kidney and heart disease and living in a hospice facility .

22_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcphiladelphia . com news local 3 - Shot - in - Nabisco - Factory - 102589659 . html Suspended Worker Kills 2 Women in Kraft Factory Shooting : Police The woman accused had just been escorted from the building 10 minutes earlier Friday , Sep 10 , 2010 | Updated 9 : 28 AM EDT Minutes after a woman was suspended and escorted from her job at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia , she returned with a . 357 Magnum and opened fire , killing two women and critically injuring a third co - worker before being taken into custody , police said . The shootings happened shortly after 8 : 30 p . m . Thursday . About 10 minutes after the Yvonne Hiller was escorted out , she returned in a car and drove through a security barrier before re - entering the building on foot , Lt . Frank Vanore said . She walked inside , firing a shot at an employee who had followed her in and had yelled , "Hide , she's got a gun ! '' Vanore said . That shot missed . Hiller , 43 , then shot the three victims , according to police - - the women were shot on the third floor and the man she confronted on the stairs as she went down to the second floor where she barricaded herself into an office . Officers freed seven people who had locked themselves in an office next to the shooter , said Vanore . Investigators didn't say why Hiller , a 15 - year employee , was suspended . One witness told NBC Philadelphia that she has a history of run - ins with co - workers and management . Dough mixer Andy Ryan , who has worked at the plant for nearly 30 years , said he was on the third floor when the sound of the shots echoed through the building . "I heard the gunfire , and I ran , '' he told The Associated Press , his apron still on . "As I was running down the steps they were yelling , 'Oh , my God , there's three people shot ! ''' "This is a sad day for the Kraft Foods family , '' the company said in a statement . "Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families . The loss of a loved one is a great sorrow . '' Kraft said the plant would be closed until further notice and the company would provide employees with counseling .

22_3ecb.xml
Staunton police on Friday arrested a 60-year-old , terminally ill woman in the 1967 killings of two young women at a local ice cream stand , ending an agonizing 41-year odyssey for the victims ' families .

22_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . barenakedislam . com 2010 09 10 charged - with - murder - what - most - of - the - liberal - media - wont - tell - you - about - the - very - spiritual - female - kraft - employee - who - shot - three - co - workers CHARGED WITH MURDER : What most of the liberal media won't tell you about the "very spiritual' female Kraft employee who shot three co - workers The woman who allegedly shot three co - workers — killing two– at the Kraft Plant Thursday night has been charged with murder , attempted murder , aggravated assault , burglary , and other related charges , says Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams . The victims and alleged shooter in the last night ’ s Kraft plant shooting had a history of arguing that dates back several years — the suspect thought her co - workers were spraying chemicals on her and talking behind her back , according to police . Yvonne Hiller , 43 , got into an altercation with the two women and a male co - worker Thursday night , was taken to the supervisor ’ s office , suspended and escorted out of the building . . Ten minutes after being taken off the job , Hiller drove her car to the security gate and forced her way in at gunpoint , police say , and headed back up to the third floor armed with her . 357 Magnum , which she has a permit to carry . She went to the employee lounge , saw four of her co - workers — three of with whom she ’ d just had the altercation . The fourth person told her to get out of the lounge . She shot the other three , police say . Bryant Dalton , 39 , was shot in the neck and is hospitalized in critical condition . Latonya Brown , 36 , was shot in the head and Tanya Wilson , 47 , was shot in the side . Both women died . Kenneth Dorsey says the woman accused of killing two co - workers and critically injuring a third at the Kraft plant in Northeast Philly is a good person . And so were the two women she ’ s accused of gunning down with a . 357 Magnum , just minutes after she ’ d been suspended and escorted from the building . “ We talked about her Muslim faith and I wished her happy Ramadan , ” Dorsey said . “ I never thought in my deepest heart that it would come down to this , ” Dorsey said . The reason Hiller was suspended had not been made public Friday afternoon and while some co - workers said she had a history of run - ins with other workers and management , Dorsey said like anyone , they sometimes had their differences , but always got along .

22_4ecb.xml
A co-worker has been charged in the 1967 slayings of two women at an ice cream shop in Staunton , but authorities say the suspect is near death with a terminal illness .

22_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . dakotavoice . com 2010 09 very - spiritual - muslim - woman - shoots - co - workers ‘ Very Spiritual ’ Muslim Woman Shoots Co - workers on September 10th , 2010 According to reports , a Muslim woman named Yvonne Hiller shot and killed two co - workers at a Kraft plant in Philadelphia .

22_5ecb.xml
The Staunton Police Department announced Friday they have made an arrest in a 41-year-old double murder case . Staunton Police Chief Jim Williams announced 61-year-old Sharron Diane Crawford Smith was arrested around 10:24 a.m. Friday and charged with two counts of first degree murder .

22_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . freerepublic . com focus news 2587074 posts Yvonne Hiller , Accused in Kraft Shooting , Is A Muslim September 10 , 2010 Yvonne Hiller , who has been arrested and charged with the Kraft shooting of her co - workers at Kraft Foods yesterday evening has been revealed to be a Muslim who was very spiritual . At this point it is unclear if the shooting had anything to do with the approaching anniversary of the 9 - 11 attacks on America by radical members of the Muslim faith . However it does seem odd that Hiller had a . 357 Magnum in her car , which is what she used . That ’ s a pretty heavy - duty gun . NBC Philadelphia has interviewed another co - worker of hers , Kenneth Dorsey , and he said he had talked with her about her Muslim faith and even wished her happy Ramadan .

22_6ecb.xml
Staunton Police this morning arrested Sharron Diane Crawford Smith , of Staunton , on first-degree murder charges in the 1967 slayings of two women at High 's Ice Cream Shop .

22_6ecbplus.xml
http : philadelphia . cbslocal . com 2010 12 07 accused - philadelphia - kraft - foods - killer - held - for - trial Accused Philadelphia Kraft Foods Killer Held For Trial December 7 , 2010 11 : 18 PM The woman who allegedly shot and killed two co - workers in September at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia will face trial on multiple counts of murder and attempted murder . At a hearing on Tuesday , assistant district attorney Gail Fairman described 43 - year - old Yvonne Hiller as a “ methodical killer ” who waved a gun within a foot of a security guard ’ s face to regain access to the plant less than ten minutes after she had been escorted out . “ She returned like a grim reaper , ” says ADA Fairman , “ and she only shot the ones that she held responsible for her suspension . ” Fairman says that when Hiller found a group of co - workers in a break room , she allowed one person to leave unharmed . “ At one point , there was a co - worker holding onto Latoya Brown , ” says Fairman , “ and the defendant ordered that worker away , and then she shot Brown . ” Hiller had repeated run - ins with co - workers , whom she accused of spraying her with a deer scent , among other things ( see related story ) . Two women were pronounced dead at the scene , and a male co - worker was wounded . A detective testified during the preliminary hearing about Hiller ’ s statement to police , claiming people had been spraying her for years . The defense would not comment on strategy plans for the trial .

22_7ecb.xml
A onetime co-worker has been charged in the 1967 slayings of two women at an ice cream shop in Staunton , but authorities said the suspect is near death with a terminal illness .

22_7ecbplus.xml
http : philadelphia . cbslocal . com 2012 09 10 trial - underway - for - woman - charged - in - 2010 - kraft - foods - rampage - in - ne - philadelphia Woman Convicted of Double Murder In 2010 Kraft Foods Rampage In NE Philadelphia September 10 , 2012 4 : 15 PM A Philadelphia judge today found a former Kraft Foods company employee guilty of murder in a workplace rampage exactly two years ago in Northeast Philadelphia that left two women dead and a third employee wounded . Witnesses say defendant Yvonne Hiller had long complained of abuse by fellow employees , claimed they were poisoning her by spraying her with chemicals including deer urine . But authorities say the allegations were investigated by police and OSHA and were determined to be unfounded . Then , on September 10 , 2010 , according to a surviving victim , Hiller went berserk again , cursing and making accusations and threats . She was suspended on the spot and escorted from the building . But , the witness says , she returned minutes later with a gun , opening fire on several employees in a break room , killing Latonya Brown and Tanya Wilson , and wounding Bryant Dalton . Dalton says the bullet went through his neck and lodged in his shoulder , and is still there . In the one - day , non - jury trial , Common Pleas Court judge Benjamin Lerner found Hiller guilty of two counts of first - degree murder and one count of attempted murder . The automatic sentence in life in prison , although formal sentencing will take place at a later date .

22_8ecb.xml
The Staunton Police Department will hold a press conference this afternoon to address its investigation into a double murder back in 1967 .

22_8ecbplus.xml
http : philadelphia . xcbslocal . com 2010 09 10 3 - shot - at - kraft - plant - in - ne - phila 2 Dead , 1 Wounded in Shooting at NE Phila . Kraft Plant September 10 , 2010 10 : 14 AM Police say two people have been killed and another wounded in a shooting at the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia . The alleged shooter is in police custody . KYW ’ s Pat Loeb reports that the shooting took place just after 8 : 30pm Thursday night inside the old Nabisco factory , along the 12000 block of Roosevelt Boulevard , at Woodhaven Road . Authorities say the incident began after the fifteen - year employee , 43 - year - old Yvonne Hiller , was suspended . Police commissioner Charles Ramsey says she was escorted out of the building and was outside for nine minutes before coming back : “ She drove her car through a barrier and entered the premises . She had a . 357 magnum . Made her way to the third - floor mixing room , where she encountered at least three of the employees . Two , she shot and killed there in the room . A third was also shot . ” The third victim , identified as Brian Dalton , was rushed to Aria Health ’ s Torresdale campus with a gunshot wound . He was later transferred to Jefferson and listed in stable condition . Officers responded to 911 calls from other employees inside the building , arriving with SWAT teams and other personnel who were trained in an “ active shooter ” situation , according to Commissioner Ramsey . He says most of the other 100 workers inside were able to get out safely . Seven employees were trapped near the shooter , but cops say they were able to free them , disarm the woman , and take her into custody . KYW ’ s Paul Kurtz reports that Commissioner Ramsey credits a special training program for preventing even more bloodshed last night . The commissioner says he ’ s put many officers through what ’ s called “ active shooter ” training for first - responding officers : “ We ’ ve learned from Columbine and other places that you can ’ t wait , you can ’ t just sit there and wait for SWAT . You ’ ve got to at least make entry and try to get as many people out as possible , isolate the shooter , and then hopefully SWAT arrives in enough time to take care of the situation . They did an excellent job , the 7th and 8th Districts in particular . Those officers did an outstanding job . ” And it turns out that at least seven of the officers who rushed to the Kraft factory had “ active shooter ” training . Ramsey says he plans to expand the program . Hiller is expected to be arraigned on two murder charges and one attempted murder charge later today . Kraft Foods issued a statement early this morning announcing that the Northeast facility is closed until further notice . The statement expresses condolences for the families of the dead and wounded employees , saying , “ This is a tragic loss for all of us . ” It states that Kraft is working closely with the authorities as they investigate and will be providing counseling services for employees at the facility .

22_9ecb.xml
This morning , 41 years later , Staunton police have arrested and charged Sharron Diane Crawford Smith , age 61 , with two counts of first-degree murder .

22_9ecbplus.xml
http : articles . philly . com 2010 - 12 - 08 news 25293566 _ 1 _ preliminary - hearing - shooting - rampage - murder - trial Murder trial ordered for woman accused in Kraft plant shootings POSTED : December 08 , 2010 Yvonne Hiller was certain she was being targeted for surreptitious "chemical abuse , " but no one believed her story . She accused her coworkers of spraying her with deer urine , prompting her to complain to a federal safety agency . She thought her Lawncrest neighbors were running a meth lab , and she called police to her apartment numerous times "for the smell . " She believed that chemicals were ruining her health , and had visited several doctors and counselors since 2007 . Despite all that , she couldn't find the source of the toxins she thought were plaguing her . Hiller told homicide detectives that her mounting frustration finally culminated in September , when she went on a shooting rampage through the Kraft Foods plant in Northeast Philadelphia , where she had worked for 15 years . In her statement , Hiller admitted killing two coworkers and seriously wounding a third . Homicide Detective Dominic Mangoni , testifying Tuesday at Hiller's preliminary hearing , said he asked how she felt just hours after the shootings . "I don't feel anything , " she said , according to the statement . "I just wish people would accept me for what I was . " After the hearing , Hiller , 43 , was ordered held on multiple counts of murder , attempted murder , and other crimes . An arraignment was scheduled for this month . The defense did not call any witnesses . Hiller entered the courtroom wearing a black garment and black head scarf . She waved and winked at a clutch of family members in the gallery . The other side of the room was packed with family members of the victims - LaTonya Brown , 36 , and Tanya Wilson , 47 , both of whom died in the third - floor break room where they were shot . The third victim , Bryant Dalton , 39 , spent two weeks in the hospital and is recovering from gunshots to the neck and shoulder , prosecutors said . After the hearing , Dorothy Brown said she was "heartbroken" over the death of her granddaughter , who had four children . "She left them children , " she said , breaking into tears . "She was a beautiful person , too . " Stephen Devine , a civil attorney for the Brown family , said relatives would hold a vigil Thursday at their home at 11th and Poplar Streets to mark the three - month anniversary of the shooting . Wilson's family and Dalton also are represented by civil attorneys , but Devine said it was too soon to say if they would file a lawsuit . At the preliminary hearing , the families "heard for the first time some answers to questions they had since the tragic events occurred , " Devine said . Hiller worked with the three victims in the mixing department at the plant at Roosevelt Boulevard and Byberry Road . Kraft makes Ritz crackers , Lorna Doone cookies , and other baked goods there . On the night of the shooting , Hiller again confronted her coworkers about her belief that they were spraying her with deer scent . "They told me they didn't know what I was talking about , " Hiller said in her statement . "I told them , 'You think this is a prank , but you don't know what this was doing to my body . ' " After the confrontation , Hiller was suspended from her job for the second time in two months . The other suspension came after she left a voice mail on her supervisor's phone , complaining about being sprayed . Hiller was escorted from the property . She told detectives that she "planned on going right home . " "But then I started to think about the 15 years I spent there and how it was taken away from me , " she said in her statement . She returned with a . 357 Magnum that she legally owned and kept under the seat of her car . She pointed the gun at two unarmed security guards and ordered them to let her back in the building . She said she sought out the three coworkers from her shift and opened fire . Hiller admitted firing at several other employees , but denied shooting at the first officers who responded to the scene . But Officer Michael Murphy , from the Seventh District , testified that Hiller fired at him and two other officers from down a hallway . The bullet , he said , went over his left shoulder and hit the wall behind him . After shutting herself in a quality control room on the second floor , Hiller made a number of phone calls to relatives and police . A 911 supervisor persuaded her to surrender to SWAT officers on the scene .

