24_10ecb.xml
Robbers in drag steal e80 million from Paris diamond store in biggest French heist

24_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . i24news . tv en news international europe 130909 - paris - hit - by - 2 - mn - euro - jewellery - heist Paris thieves nab $2 . 5 million worth of jewellery Robbers crash 4x4 into store , grabbing jewelry and watches , before setting car ablaze Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewellery store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a two - million - euro ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said . The heist near the upscale Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros . They then set fire to the vehicle and escaped in another car . Forensic investigators are currently going through the site of the robbery at the Casty store on Rue de Castiglione in the central first district of Paris , which is home to numerous jewellery shops . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a brazen robbery in broad daylight at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton hotel in Cannes , making off with jewellery worth 103 million euros in one of the world's biggest ever heists . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost all of the stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewellery store . In 2009 , police said they had recovered 80 percent of the haul .

24_11ecb.xml
The four robbers , two of whom were disguised as women , stole nearly all the jewellery on display at Harry Winston jewellers on the Avenue Montaigne , just off the Champs-Elysees in the French capital .

24_11ecbplus.xml
http : web . orange . co . uk article news paris _ jewellery _ stolen _ in _ casty _ shop _ raid 9 September 2013 , 14 : 08 Paris : Jewellery Stolen In Casty Shop Raid Jewellery and watches worth £1 . 7m have been stolen during a heist in an upmarket central Paris shop . Four men drove a 4x4 through the front window of the store on Rue de Castiglione , before making off with the jewellery and watches . They then set fire to the vehicle before fleeing in another car . Forensic policemen are examining the Casty store in the central first district of the capital , home to numerous jewellery shops . The heist near Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a robbery at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton Hotel in Cannes , making off with jewellery worth £88m in one of the world's biggest ever heists . And last month thieves made off with £35 , 000 of jewellery after cracking two safes at the luxury Grand Hotel du Cap in Saint - Jean - Cap - Ferrat , near Nice . In May , thieves stole £910 , 000 worth of jewellery from an employee of Swiss firm Chopard that was due to be loaned to film stars during the Cannes Film Festival and a second theft saw a diamond necklace worth £1 . 2m stolen . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost the entire stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewellery store . Police said they had recovered 80% of the haul in 2009 .

24_12ecb.xml
Harry Winston Diamond Corp. 's prestigious Paris jewellery store near the Champs-Elysee was stormed by as many as four robbers on Thursday afternoon .

24_13ecb.xml
Armed robbers stole gems worth 85 million euros ( 74 million pounds ) from luxury jewellers in the heart of Paris , during a raid described by French media on Friday as the most lucrative heist in France 's history .

24_14ecb.xml
French police say armed robbers cleaned out a high-end jewelry store yesterday in Paris , news organizations report .

24_15ecb.xml
Three or four robbers burst into the store on ritzy Avenue Montaigne near the Champs-Elysees late Thursday afternoon and stole watches , rings and necklaces .

24_1ecb.xml
Four armed robbers -- two dressed as women -- made off with $ 137-million of diamonds and jewels from a famed Paris store .

24_1ecbplus.xml
http : news . yahoo . com paris - hit - 2 - mn - euro - jewellery - heist - 101940327 . html Paris hit by 2 mn - euro jewelry heist Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewelry store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a two - million - euro ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said . The heist near the upscale Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewelry and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros . They then set fire to the vehicle and escaped in another car . Forensic policemen are currently going through the site of the robbery at the Casty store on Rue de Castiglione in the central first district of Paris , which is home to numerous jewelry shops . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a brazen robbery in broad daylight at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton hotel in Cannes , making off with jewelry worth 103 million euros in one of the world's biggest ever heists . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost all of the stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewelry store . In 2009 , police said they had recovered 80 percent of the haul .

24_2ecb.xml
ARMED robbers in drag carried out one of the biggest jewel heists in history , snatching p74million of diamond rings , necklaces and luxury watches from a boutique in Paris .

24_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . telegraph . co . uk news worldnews europe france 10296054 Two - million - euro - jewellery - heist - in - central - Paris . html Two million euro jewellery heist in central Paris Thieves pulled off a two million - euro jewellery heist in central Paris on Monday morning after smashing their car through the store's front window . 12 : 48PM BST 09 Sep 2013 Four men rammed their car into the Casty store near Paris's chic Place Vendôme in the latest in a spate of high - profile robberies in France – most on the Riviera . A police source said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store at around 4 . 30am and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated two million euros ( £1 . 7 million ) . They then set fire to the vehicle and escaped in another car . The entire robbery was over in a matter of minutes . Forensic teams were examining the crime scene on Rue de Castiglione in Paris' first arrondissement , home to numerous jewellery shops . "They are absolutely not afraid of anything , " Gérard Bénézat , the store's insurer , told France Info . "It's become almost routine and yet everyone knows what needs to be done to be protected . "

24_3ecb.xml
Armed robbers stole diamonds valued at 85 million euros ( $ 108 million ) from the Paris branch of jeweler Harry Winston , the city prosecutors ' office said .

24_3ecbplus.xml
http : worldnews . nbcnews . com _ news 2013 09 09 20401724 - thieves - in - 26 - million - smash - and - grab - raid - on - paris - jewelry - store ? lite Thieves in $2 . 6 million smash - and - grab raid on Paris jewelry store A smash - and - grab on a high end Paris store saw four robbers make off with jewelry and watches valued at over $2 . 6 million early Monday . At around 4 : 30 a . m . local time ( 11 . 30 p . m . ET ) the thieves rammed an SUV into the front of the Casty store , near the prestigious Place Vendome , a well - known square in the center of the French capital that is home to a number of jewelers and high - end stores . After scooping up jewelry and watches estimated to be worth 2 million euros ( $2 . 6 million ) the thieves reversed their car out of the store and set fire to it before making off in another vehicle , Le Monde reported . The raid comes little over a month after a masked bandit made off with an $136M worth of diamonds and jewels from the Carlton Intercontinental Hotel in Cannes on the glamorous French Riviera , in possibly the world ’ s biggest heist . A lone robber entered through a French door at the side of the building on the famed La Croisette seafront , scooped up the loot and then jumped out of another window . Despite a huge police investigation , the audacious culprit remains at large . Thieves also targeted the annual Cannes film festival , stealing almost $2 million of jewelry from the safe in the hotel room of an American jeweler working for Chopard , one of Switzerland ’ s most famous diamond merchants . Days later a $2 . 5 million necklace was lifted by a crook at a movie industry party at the even more exclusive resort of Cap d ’ Antibes , near the Italian border .

24_4ecb.xml
Armed robbers - some disguised as women - snatched $ 108 million worth of diamond rings , necklaces and luxury watches from a Harry Winston boutique on a posh Paris avenue in one of the largest jewel heists in history , officials said Friday .

24_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news world - europe - 24021843 9 September 2013 Last updated at 14 : 39 GMT France jewels thefts : Robbers ram 4x4 into Paris shop French police are investigating a daring jewellery robbery in Paris - the latest in a series of high - profile thefts in France this summer . In the early hours of Monday , thieves rammed a 4x4 vehicle through the windows of an upmarket jewellery store near the prestigious Place Vendome . They made off with 2m euros ( £1 . 7m ; $2 . 6m ) in gems and watches . In July , a masked jewel thief stole £88m worth of precious stones from the Carlton Hotel in Cannes . After Monday's robbery , the thieves set fire to the 4x4 vehicle in an adjacent side street and made off in a second car . Many of the most famous names in jewellery have their flagship stores in the Place Vendome , and this is a further embarrassment to the French authorities who have seen a spate of robberies in recent weeks , says the BBC's Christian Fraser in Paris . Inevitably , the finger will again be pointed at the Pink Panther gang , a loosely aligned network of criminals who are believed to have carried out 300 similar robberies across the world since 1999 , our correspondent says . The international police agency Interpol has recently begun co - ordinating its efforts to track down the gangs' members , many of them from the former Yugoslavia . In 2007 , the gang drove two cars through the window of a jewellery store in Dubai , and in less than a minute had escaped with 11m euros of jewellery .

24_5ecb.xml
Armed thieves have carried out another brazen and meticulously planned robbery of the Harry Winston store in central Paris , making off with an estimated $ 102 million in jewelry .

24_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . thelocal . fr 20130909 ram - raiders - hit - paris - jewellery - store - for - 2m Ram - raiders hit Paris jewellery store for €2m Published : 09 Sep 2013 11 : 25 GMT+02 : 00 Updated : 09 Sep 2013 11 : 25 GMT+02 : 00 Ram - raiders ploughed their vehicle into an upmarket jewellery boutique near Place Vendôme in central Paris on Monday in a dramatic dawn robbery , making off with €2 million worth of loot . Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewellery store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and making off with a €2 million ( $2 . 6 - million ) booty , a police source said . The heist near the upscale Place Vendôme is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated €2 million . They then set fire to the vehicle and escaped in another car . Forensic policemen are currently going through the site of the robbery at the Casty store on Rue de Castiglione in the central first arrondissement of Paris , which is home to numerous jewellery shops . Paris also witnessed another dramatic robbery on Sunday night when thieves armed with Kalashnikovs stormed a subsidiary of the France's rail operator SNCF in the capital's 15th arrondissement . According to reports , the robbers escaped with around €60 , 000 from the company which is in charge of managing restaurant cars on the TGV trains . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a brazen robbery in broad daylight at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton hotel in Cannes , making off with jewellery worth €103 million in one of the world's biggest ever heists . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost all of the stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewellery store . In 2009 , police said they had recovered 80 percent of the haul .

24_6ecb.xml
A savvy band of jewel thieves , armed with guns and some posing as women , have struck in the heart of the city 's golden triangle of luxury shops , stealing more than e85 million worth of diamonds , rings and watches from a posh Harry Winston boutique .

24_6ecbplus.xml
http : news . sky . com story 1139218 paris - jewellery - stolen - in - casty - shop - raid Paris : Jewellery Stolen In Casty Shop Raid 11 : 39am UK , Monday 09 September 2013 Four men smash their car into a jewellery store before fleeing in a different vehicle in the latest high - profile heist in France . Jewellery and watches worth £1 . 7m have been stolen during a heist in an upmarket central Paris shop . Four men drove a 4x4 through the front window of the store on Rue de Castiglione , before making off with the jewellery and watches . They then set fire to the vehicle before fleeing in another car . Forensic policemen are examining the Casty store in the central first district of the capital , home to numerous jewellery shops . The heist near Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a robbery at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton Hotel in Cannes , making off with jewellery worth £88m in one of the world's biggest ever heists . And last month thieves made off with £35 , 000 of jewellery after cracking two safes at the luxury Grand Hotel du Cap in Saint - Jean - Cap - Ferrat , near Nice . In May , thieves stole £910 , 000 worth of jewellery from an employee of Swiss firm Chopard that was due to be loaned to film stars during the Cannes Film Festival and a second theft saw a diamond necklace worth £1 . 2m stolen . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost the entire stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewellery store . Police said they had recovered 80% of the haul in 2009 .

24_7ecb.xml
A gang of four thieves -- two of them disguised as women -- on Thursday stole nearly all the jewels on display at the Harry Winston boutique just off the Champs-Elysees avenue , which attracts a wealthy international clientele .

24_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . citypress . co . za news france - hit - another - jewellery - heist France hit by another jewellery heist 9 September 2013 11 : 55 Four men rammed their car into an up - market jewellery store in central Paris today , smashing the shop window and making off with a €2 million ( R26 million ) booty , a police source said . The heist near the upscale Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a spate of high - profile robberies in the southern resort of Cannes . The police source , who wished to remain anonymous , said the men drove a large 4×4 car into the store in the early hours of the morning , and grabbed jewellery and luxury watches worth an estimated €2 million . They then set fire to the vehicle and escaped in another car . Forensic policemen are currently going through the site of the robbery at the Casty store on Rue de Castiglione in the central first district of Paris , which is home to numerous jewellery shops . At the end of July , an armed man carried out a brazen robbery in broad daylight at a diamond exhibition at the Carlton hotel in Cannes , making off with jewellery worth €103 million in one of the world ’ s biggest heists . Paris has also been the scene of high - profile robberies . In December 2008 , three men emptied almost all of the stock of gems from the Harry Winston jewellery store . In 2009 , police said they had recovered 80% of the haul .

24_8ecb.xml
Jewellery worth more than $ 160 million has been stolen from a Paris boutique in what is believed to be France 's biggest jewellery theft .

24_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . securitymagazine . com articles 84721 - paris - store - hit - by - 26 - million - jewelry - heist Paris Store Hit by $2 . 6 Million Jewelry Heist September 9 , 2013 Four men rammed their car into an upmarket jewelry store in central Paris on Monday , smashing the shop window and stealing $2 . 6 million ( two million Euros ) in jewelry , according to AFP . The heist near Place Vendome is the latest to hit France after a string of high - profile robberies in Cannes . A police source reported that the men drove a large four - by - four car into the store in the early hours of the morning , grabbing jewelry and luxury watches before setting fire to the vehicle and escaping in another car .

24_9ecb.xml
Daring Diamond Heist in Downtown Paris At 5:30 p.m . , four armed robbers , some reportedly dressed in drag , entered the store on the chic Avenue Montaigne , off the Champs Elysees in central Paris , a heavily patrolled area less than 330 feet from a police station .

24_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . ahametals . com crooks - 2 - 6 - million - heist - paris Crooks at $2 . 6 million heist on Paris jewelry store A smash - and - grab on a high end Paris store saw four robbers make off with jewelry and watches valued at over $2 . 6 million early Monday . At around 4 : 30 a . m . local time ( 11 . 30 p . m . ET ) the thieves rammed an SUV into the front of the Casty store , near the prestigious Place Vendome , a well - known square in the center of the French capital that is home to a number of jewelers and high - end stores . After scooping up jewelry and watches estimated to be worth 2 million euros ( $2 . 6 million ) the thieves reversed their car out of the store and set fire to it before making off in another vehicle , Le Monde reported . The raid comes little over a month after a masked bandit made off with an $136M worth of diamonds and jewels from the Carlton Intercontinental Hotel in Cannes on the glamorous French Riviera , in possibly the world ’ s biggest heist . A lone robber entered through a French door at the side of the building on the famed La Croisette seafront , scooped up the loot and then jumped out of another window . Despite a huge police investigation , the audacious culprit remains at large . Thieves also targeted the annual Cannes film festival , stealing almost $2 million of jewelry from the safe in the hotel room of an American jeweler working for Chopard , one of Switzerland ’ s most famous diamond merchants . Days later a $2 . 5 million necklace was lifted by a crook at a movie industry party at the even more exclusive resort of Cap d ’ Antibes , near the Italian border .

