25_10ecb.xml
New Orleans Saints RB Reggie Bush 's season over The Associated Press reports New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush ( knee ) will miss the rest of the season . Bush underwent an MRI earlier this week , and head coach Sean Payton decided the team would place Bush on Injured Reserve . It has been a disappointing campaign for Bush ; the 2006 second-overall pick played in just 10 games this year , rushing for 404 yards and two touchdowns while catching 52 passes for 440 yards and four scores . However , he missed time because of arthroscopic knee surgery earlier this year and apparently a knee sprain will halt his season . In Bush 's absence this year , running back Pierre Thomas has established himself as a legitimate No. 1 back . He has 189 rushing yards and two touchdowns in his last two games . He has also caught eight passes for 66 yards and two touchdowns . Of his 11 touchdowns this year , eight have come since the start of Week 11 . He has 548 rushing yards , 28 receptions and 258 receiving yards this season . Running back Deuce McAllister could see a few more touches with Bush out , yet even when Bush was out earlier this year , McAllister only once received more than eight utilizations in a game ; the team used him 22 times in Week 8. McAllister has just 317 rushing yards on the season and only 54 since the team 's Week 9 bye . However , he does have three of his four touchdowns in that stretch . Fullback Mike Karney has received five utilizations in the last two weeks , though most are on short-yardage situations . Fantasy owners carrying Bush have almost certainly missed out on Thomas ; if for some reason he is available , pick him up immediately . McAllister is a last-ditch flex option as the Saints face the Detroit Lions in Week 16 , but playing him is a risk given Thomas ' versatility . Karney is not a viable fantasy back .

25_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . sportsnola . com sports sports - blogs brian - allee - walshs - blog 553008 - saints - place - pierre - thomas - on - injured - reserve - sign - joique - bell - off - eagles - practice - squad . html Saints place Pierre Thomas on injured reserve ; sign Joique Bell off Eagles practice squad Wednesday , 05 January 2011 The injury woes continued Wednesday for the defending Super Bowl champion New Orleans Saints , who have placed veteran running back Pierre Thomas on season - ending reserve . Thomas' spot on the 53 - man roster was quickly filled with the signing of undrafted rookie running back Joique Bell ( 5 - 11 , 220 ) , who comes to the Black and Gold from the Philadelphia Eagles practice squad . Thomas is the fifth Saints running back to go on IR this season , the second in two days , the third in less than a month . On Tuesday , team officials placed undrafted rookie running back Chris Ivory on IR with a Lisfranc injury to his left foot . On Dec . 8 , veteran running back Ladell Betts went on IR with a neck injury Bell ( 5 - 11 , 220 ) played at Wayne State . The Saints ( 11 - 5 ) face the NFC West - champion Seattle Seahawks ( 7 - 9 ) in a wildcard game at 3 : 30 p . m . Saturday at Qwest Field .

25_11ecb.xml
The New Orleans Saints placed Reggie Bush on the injured list on Wednesday , ending the National Football League season for the star running back . The 23-year-old Bush will miss the team 's final two regular season games against Detroit and Carolina with a sprained left knee . Bush finished his third season in New Orleans with just 404 yards and two touchdowns on 106 carries . Bush suffered a left knee injury against Carolina on October 19 . He appeared to be on the mend , but he sprained the knee in last Thursday 's 27-24 overtime loss at Chicago and was limited to only 30 yards on six carries .

25_11ecbplus.xml
http : sports . espn . go . com nfl playoffs 2010 news story ? id=5992489 Saints' Pierre Thomas placed on IR Updated : January 6 , 2011 , 11 : 34 AM ET The defending champion Saints will have try to repeat without their top two power running backs . Pierre Thomas , one of the stars of last season's Super Bowl run , was placed on injured reserve on Wednesday because of his injured ankle . The Saints made that move only one day after placing leading rusher Chris Ivory on injured reserve because of a left foot injury that occurred during Sunday's regular season finale . "That's tough , " quarterback Drew Brees said of the loss of both running backs this week . "You can't deny that just because of the physical presence they bring and obviously their productivity . " When the Saints ( 11 - 5 ) open the playoffs in Seattle ( 7 - 9 ) on Saturday , the only remaining healthy running backs from their regular season roster will be Reggie Bush and Julius Jones . "Naturally , I'm going to have to step up , " Bush said . Bush missed eight games with a fracture in his lower right leg . He has rushed for only 150 yards and has not scored a rushing touchdown this season , but started to look stronger on Sunday against Tampa Bay , when he had 70 yards rushing on just nine carries and had 55 yards receiving on five catches . Jones has 193 yards and no touchdowns on the ground . The only other running backs on the roster are fourth - year pro DeShawn Wynn , who was signed on Tuesday but also was with the Saints during the preseason , and rookie Joique Bell , who was signed Wednesday from the Philadelphia Eagles' practice squad . Brees said he remained optimistic that the versatility of the Saints' offense and the way they spread the ball among so many players will allow them to weather such injuries perhaps better than most teams . "In the end , you just work to the strengths of the guys that you have . You don't worry about what you don't have , just what you have , " Brees said . "While you would love to have all of the guys and all of the elements that they bring , I feel like Reggie Bush can do some pretty special stuff and Julius Jones can do some pretty special stuff . Deshawn Wynn , when called upon , can do the job . You realize that the passing game may have to pick up some slack at times depending on how the game plan changes by having those guys in . " Bush , who returned from his broken right fibula on Thanksgiving , said he has been feeling stronger lately and is looking forward to the chance to be the primary running back . However , he stressed that the success of the offense would hinge on many more factors than him . "It's about a team effort . It's not just about one person , " Bush said . "We have some mistakes that we made as a team throughout the season on offense , defense and special teams that we've got to clean up . The running back position is just one small piece of the puzzle . " Yet as the playoffs approached , the Saints had been optimistic their offense would be better with Thomas , who scored memorable touchdowns in both the NFC title game and Super Bowl last season . Plagued by a left ankle injury that limited him to only six games this season , Thomas started to look effective again in a 17 - 14 victory at Atlanta in Week 16 , when he had 102 yards from scrimmage and a touchdown . However , he aggravated the injury in practice last week and sat out the regular season finale . "The setback he had was substantial and we're at that point in the season where you want to do what's best , and yet you want to be mindful of the injury the player has , " Saints coach Sean Payton said . "So I think on all fronts - - doctors , trainers , the player and ourselves - - we felt that this was the best move . " Thomas initially was hurt in an overtime loss to Atlanta in Week 3 , then missed nine games before coming back for three late - season games . He finished with 269 yards and two touchdown rushing and caught 29 passes for 201 yards . Late this season , Thomas also had handled kickoff returns after Courtney Roby was placed on injured reserve with a head injury . Payton said receivers Devery Henderson and Robert Meachem are getting most of the practice time in that area this week . Ivory's injury is a Lisfranc , which is a fracture and dislocation in the mid - foot , and will require surgery , Payton said . After joining the Saints as an undrafted rookie out of Division II Tiffin , he rushed for 716 yards in 12 games and had a team - leading five rushing TDs .

25_12ecb.xml
The New Orleans Saints placed Reggie Bush on injured reserve today , officially ending his third NFL season . It 's the second straight year that Bush failed to make it to the last week of the season . It 's also the second straight year that Bush took steps backward after a strong rookie season . Bush , who missed several games after arthroscopic knee surgery earlier this season , wraps up the year with 404 yards rushing and 440 yards receiving . He scored six touchdowns on offense and added three more on punt returns . There 's nothing wrong with nine touchdowns in 10 games , but Bush 's inability to stay on the field has made him something less than the Saints expected with the second overall pick in the 2006 Draft . Leon Washington of the Jets , a fourth-rounder that year , has turned in similar production as Bush this season ( in more games ) but costs his team much less money . Making matters worse is the fact that the relationship between Bush and coach Sean Payton seems to be deteriorating . Bush expressed unhappiness about being yanked from last week 's loss to the Bears , two weeks after Payton made a similar move against the Bucs . Whatever his shortcomings , Bush could still play an important role in the supercharged Saints offense . Unless he loses Payton 's faith once and for all , of course .

25_13ecb.xml
Reggie Bush is done , for the season at least . Bush sprained the medial collateral ligament in his left knee in the Saints ' game against the Chicago Bears Thursday night . He originally injured it against the Carolina Panthers earlier this season and needed surgery on it . The Saints still have to play the winless Detroit Lions and the playoff-bound Panthers . Head Coach Sean Payton said Bush 's knee does not need surgery this time , just a little R and R , he also said that if the team were still in playoff contention , then he would n't have place Bush on IR . Saints ' spokesman Greg Bensel confirmed Wednesday owner Tom Benson underwent surgery December 10 to remove a cancerous growth on his left kidney. Bensel said in a statement released by the team . Benson is under the primary care of his personal physician and Saints team doctor , John R. Amoss , who said he expects a full recovery . `` It was diagnosed as early-stage renal cell cancer , and the prognosis for this type of cancer removed at this stage is excellent , '' said Amoss . `` We anticipate a full and complete recovery , and he will not need any radiation or chemotherapy . '' The 81-year old is at home , and will miss the team 's trip to Detroit , but will be back at the office next week sometime .

25_13ecbplus.xml
http : profootballtalk . nbcsports . com 2011 01 05 pierre - thomas - is - headed - to - injured - reserve Pierre Thomas is headed to injured reserve Posted on January 5 , 2011 , 3 : 37 PM EDT Pierre Thomas and Chris Ivory are out . DeShawn Wynn and Joique Bell are in . Suddenly , the No . 5 Saints don ’ t look as quite as big a threat to make a repeat trip to the Super Bowl . One day after Chris Ivory was surprisingly lost for the season , the Saints placed Thomas on injured reserve . The team ’ s best running back also sat out in Week 17 . Coach Sean Payton said Thomas suffered a setback in practice last week . We ’ ve been toying with the idea of picking the Saints to make it back to the Super Bowl . They ’ ve turned the ball over too much , but their defense is a lot better than people think . This news makes it harder . It ’ s going to be a lot harder for the New Orleans offense to stay balanced with Reggie Bush and Julius Jones carrying the load . Wynn and Bell were added to the roster in the last two days , but figure to be reserves .

25_14ecb.xml
Bush placed on injured reserve The Saints placed running back Reggie Bush on injured reserve ending his season . The decision was made after Bush met with Dr. James Andrews this past week . Bush injured his left knee on Oct. 19 and had arthroscopic surgery to fix a torn meniscus and missed four games . He was bothered by the knee last week against the Bears and did n't play in the second half . Pierre Thomas will get most of the carries and is an excellent play against the Lions this week .

25_14ecbplus.xml
http : blogs . ajc . com atlanta - falcons - blog 2011 01 05 likely - foe - saints - suffer - major - injury - thomas - to - ir LIKELY FOE : Saints suffer major injury , Thomas to IR 4 : 31 pm January 5 , 2011 The Saints have placed running back Pierre Thomas on injured reserve . Here ’ s the story from my buddy Mike Tripplett over at the New Orleans Times - Picayune . In the Saints 17 - 14 victory over the Falcons on Dec . 27 , Thomas rushed for 63 yards and scored on a 2 - yard touchdown in the second quarter . He joins the team ’ s top rusher , Chris Ivory , on the injured reserve . It looks like Reggie Bush will have to carry the rushing load . They also recently signed rookie Joique Bell ( Wayne State ) from the Philadelphia Eagles ’ practice squad . They also signed veteran DeShawn Wynn ( Florida ) on Tuesday to serve as a backup behind Bush and Julius Jones . If the Saints beat Seattle and Philadelphia beats Green Bay , the Falcons will face the Saints at 8 p . m . Saturday , Jan . 15 at the Georgia Dome .

25_15ecb.xml
Saints could shut down Reggie Bush ? The Biloxi Sun Herald suggests that Reggie Bush ( knee ) could be shut down for the remainder of the Saints ' season . Beat writer Larry Holder puts this in a one liner , saying Bush `` could sit out the final two games . '' It may be speculative , or Holder has reasoning behind it that he does n't give . We 'll know more about Bush Wednesday , when the Saints practice and hopefully reveal the results of his MRI .

25_15ecbplus.xml
http : www . wwltv . com sports black - and - gold Saints - sign - RB - Joique - Bell - 112954389 . html Pierre Thomas out for playoffs after Saints place him on IR Posted on January 5 , 2011 at 3 : 39 PM Updated Wednesday , Jan 5 at 5 : 53 PM The Saints placed running back Pierre Thomas on IR Wednesday , the second time in as many days the team has placed one of its primary running backs on the list . New Orleans picked up DeShawn Wynn on Monday after putting Chris Ivory on Injured Reserve and on Wednesday , signed Joique Bell to replace Thomas “ With Pierre , last week during practice he had a setback , ” head coach Sean Payton said . “ We got to that point in discussing it with him where it was at . He came back and was very effective for a couple of games , particular the ATL game . But the setback was substantial . “ We ’ re at the time of year where you want to do what ’ s best . The doctors , trainers and ourselves , we thought it was the best move . ” New Orleans plays at Seattle on Saturday at 3 : 30 p . m . in the Wild Card round of the NFC playoffs . While Thomas went on IR , four others did not practice . Defensive tackle Anthony Hargrove ( knee ) , tight end Jimmy Graham ( ankle ) , linebacker Danny Clark ( hamstring ) and defensive back Malcolm Jenkins ( knee ) all sat out . Tight ends Jeremy Shockey ( groin ) and David Thomas ( knee ) both were limited while receiver Marques Colston ( knee ) and defensive end Alex Brown ( shoulder ) both were full . Thomas came into 2010 as the team ’ s leading returning rusher from the Saints ’ Super Bowl winning season . He had 793 yards and six touchdowns on 147 carries and caught 39 passes for 302 yards and another two touchdowns . But he missed 10 total games this season and had only 269 yards and two touchdowns on 83 carries and another 201 yards on 29 catches . The Saints have had a season - long struggle with the running back corps , dating back to training camp when Lynell Hamilton was lost for the season when he tore up his knee in practices with New England . Less than three weeks later , P . J . Hill was placed on IR with a torn triceps that he injured in a preseason game against Houston . Reggie Bush was lost for half the season after breaking his right fibula in New Orleans ’ Sept . 20 win over San Francisco . A week later , Pierre Thomas went out for nearly nine weeks when he severely sprained his ankle late in New Orleans ’ loss to Atlanta . But while Bush has returned and played in the past six games , Thomas was back for only three games before being listed on the inactive list for the regular season ender against Tampa Bay . He tweaked the same left ankle that bothered him originally the Friday before the game against the Bucs . Bell ( 5 - foot - 11 , 220 pounds ) has spent time with the Indianapolis Colts , Philadelphia and Buffalo this season , but has no carries . He played at Wayne State , where he finished with 6 , 728 yards rushing with 96 touchdowns in addition to 918 yards and four scores receiving .

25_1ecb.xml
Saints place Bush on IR The New Orleans Saints have placed running back Reggie Bush on injured reserve because of a sprained knee . Bush was hurt last Thursday in a 27-24 loss to Chicago . The Saints are 7-7 and were eliminated from playoff contention over the weekend . The third-year star from Southern California was the team 's second-leading rusher and receiver this season , despite missing four games to recover from arthroscopic surgery for a knee injury suffered in an October 19 game against Carolina . Bush will finish the year with 404 yards rushing and a pair of touchdowns , as well as 52 catches for 440 yards and four scores . He also returned three punts for touchdowns . The Saints signed cornerback Michael Lehan to fill the vacant roster spot .

25_2ecb.xml
Injured Saints RB Reggie Bush to miss last 2 games Running back Reggie Bush will miss the final two games of the New Orleans Saints ' season . The knee was examined over the weekend and coach Sean Payton said at practice on Wednesday that the team decided to put Bush on injured reserve . Payton said the Saints , who were eliminated from playoff contention over the weekend , would not have placed Bush on injured reserve if they were still fighting to reach the postseason . He said Bush 's injury does not require surgery , just rest and rehabilitation . Bush rushed for 404 yards and two touchdowns , caught 52 passes for 440 yards and four TDs , and scored three touchdowns on punt runbacks this season .

25_3ecb.xml
Saints shut down Bush Running back to miss games against Lions and Panthers Reggie Bush 's injury-hit season has come to an early end due to a sprained left knee . The running back has been placed on injured reserve by the New Orleans Saints , meaning he will miss the final two games against Detroit and Carolina . The 23-year-old finished his third season with the franchise with 404 yards rushing on 106 carries , scoring two touchdowns on the ground . Bush picked up the problem in the Saints ' overtime loss to the Chicago Bears in week 15 , a result that ended their hopes of reaching the play-offs . With nothing to play for but pride in the final two weeks , New Orleans have decided to rest him for the remainder of the season . It is not the first time this year Bush has had a problem with his left knee . He missed four games after having arthroscopic surgery back in October . The Saints signed cornerback Michael Lehan , who had been with the Miami Dolphins , to fill the roster spot , despite being short-handed at running back . Already without Deuce McAllister , coach Sean Payton will now rely on Pierre Thomas and Mike Bell , who has had only six carries this season , having signed for the team in week 12 . The Tampa Bay Buccaneers have also lost a player to injury , a fractured right forearm sidelining Jermaine Phillips for the remainder of the season . The strong safety , who ranks fifth on the team with 86 tackles , was injured during the 13-10 overtime loss to the Atlanta Falcons last Sunday . Phillips had already missed three games earlier this season with a fractured left forearm . The Bucs will have to do without him in their bid to reach the play-offs . Tampa have signed defensive end Patrick Chukwurah and linebacker Rod Wilson to bolster their defence , while releasing running back Noah Herron .

25_3ecbplus.xml
http : content . usatoday . com communities thehuddle post 2011 01 pierre - thomas - saints - injured - reserve - playoffs - seahawks 1# . UlQWdhaKyFI Jan 05 , 2011 Saints place RB Pierre Thomas on injured reserve One day after placing leading rusher Chris Ivory on injured reserve , the Saints have lost another RB for the season . Coach Sean Payton announced Wednesday that Pierre Thomas was placed on IR . Thomas suffered through an injury - plagued 2010 season , missing 10 of the Saints' 16 games with a troublesome left ankle sprain . He returned to play in Weeks 14 - 16 , but missed New Orleans' season - finale after tweaking the injury . Ivory made the most of his opportunities with Thomas and Reggie Bush ( broken tibia ) missing time with injuries . The undrafted rookie averaged 5 . 2 yards a carry and finished with a team - high 716 yards rushing and five touchdowns . The Saints re - signed RB DeShawn Wynn to take Ivory's place on the roster on Tuesday . After putting Thomas on IR Wednesday , New Orleans replaced him by signing RB Joique Bell off the Eagles' practice squad . Thomas joins a growing tally of shelved Saints RBs . Ladell Betts went on IR in early December and the team lost Lynell Hamilton and P . J . Hill to season - ending injuries during the preseason . Bush , veteran Julius Jones and Wynn are expected to carry the load as the Saints try to defend their title . New Orleans begins its postseason Saturday at 4 : 30 p . m . ET with a wild - card round game in Seattle against the NFC West champion Seahawks .

25_4ecb.xml
Saints place RB Bush on injured reserve The injury-plagued season of New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush is over . The Saints placed Bush on the injured reserve list Wednesday with a sprained left knee , meaning he will miss the team 's final two games against Detroit and Carolina . However , given his limited effectiveness last week , the Saints decided to shut him down for the remainder of the season . The former Southern California star finished his third season in New Orleans with just 404 yards and two touchdowns on 106 carries . Bush suffered a left knee injury against Carolina on October 19 and missed the next four games following arthroscopic surgery . He returned to action against Tampa Bay on October 30 and scored a touchdown the following week against Atlanta . Bush appeared to be on the mend , but he sprained the knee in last Thursday 's 27-24 overtime loss at Chicago and was limited to only 30 yards on six carries . On Saturday , New Orleans coach Sean Payton indicated that Bush would not return to the lineup until further undergoing a further evaluation . However , given his limited effectiveness last week , the Saints decided to shut him down for the remainder of the season . Bush 's absence leaves the Saints furthered shorthanded in the backfield as they are now down to Pierre Thomas and Mike Bell , who has had only six carries this season after signing with New Orleans in Week 12 . To take Bush 's roster spot , the Saints signed cornerback Michael Lehan , who had been with the Miami Dolphins .

25_5ecb.xml
In case you had any doubts whether or not Pierre Thomas ( left ) would get more carries than Reggie Bush , you can now have full faith in Thomas . After spraining his knee last week at Chicago , Bush has been placed on the injured reserve list ending his season . Hello , Mr. Thomas. Owners have been worried that Thomas ' carries would be affected by Bush 's return , but those worries are all for naught . With Bush completely out of the picture , Thomas is the lone back and could capitalize in a big way in his two remaining games . Remember , Thomas is still playing for a contract . The Saints take on the 0-14 Lions , and it appears the Saints will march into Motown and hand them No. 15 . The Lions have the league 's worst rushing defense , and teams do n't need to throw a lot because offenses are able to run wild . Good news for Pierre owners . Thomas is an elite RB going forward , and those of you lucky enough to nab him should reap the benefits. Make sure he 's in your lineups for championship weeks . Since Week 11 , Thomas has eight touchdowns on 498 rushing yards and 176 receiving yards . Not bad for a late waiver-wire guy , huh ? As far as Bush is concerned , the Saints are erring on the side of caution regarding the injury . With the playoffs out of the picture , there 's no need to worsen the injury . He 'll be a top PPR running back in 2009 .

25_5ecbplus.xml
http : voices . yahoo . com pierre - thomas - placed - injured - reserve - orleans - 7538718 . html ? cat=14 Pierre Thomas Placed on Injured Reserve by New Orleans Saints Jan 5 , 2011 Pierre Thomas was placed on injured reserve by the New Orleans Saints on Wednesday , meaning he won't play in the 2011 NFL playoffs . Losing Thomas is bad enough , but it is compiled with the fact that they just lost Chris Ivory on Tuesday . This means they will be missing two of their best players in the rushing game , and it could weaken the attack that the Saints have on offense even further . Coach Sean Payton announced it himself on Wednesday , revealing through the New Orleans Saints Twitter account that Thomas had been placed on IR . It was a very shocking revelation in the roster moves the Saints have been making and any Saints fan that came into the postseason extremely confident about their team should be a tad worried about what the Saints can do now . They still have Reggie Bush and Julius Jones to head the running game , so at least the Saints weren't left empty handed . Last season it was Thomas that led the Saints in rushing , posting 793 total yards in 14 games . He had been hobbled this year , and that was the main reason that Ivory ended up seeing so much playing time . Ivory rushed for 716 yards this year , leading the Saints in rushing , and giving them a great option as they tried to survive without Thomas and Bush behind quarterback Drew Brees on offense . We reported Tuesday how Ivory is done for the year , and it raises the chances of Seattle pulling off an upset on Saturday . The Seattle vs . New Orleans game will be the first one on wild card weekend , with kickoff scheduled for 1 : 30 p . m . PST . Seattle is the big underdog in this game , even though it is the team hosting the game . Getting to play in front of the home crowd and going up against a banged - up Saints team could be exactly what the Seahawks need to pull an upset , but they will need quarterback Matt Hasselbeck to come up huge as well . Hasselbeck had more than 300 passing yards against the Saints back in Week 11 , so maybe Seattle has a chance after all . As for the Saints on offense , they still have Super Bowl MVP Drew Brees taking the snaps . He is having a bit of a down year by his standards , especially in the category of interceptions , but this is still a guy who could throw for 400 yards on any given night . A lot will be asked of him on Saturday , but he has been in pressure - packed games quite a few times at this point in his career .

25_6ecb.xml
The Saints have placed Bush ( knee ) on injured reserve , the Baton Rouge Advocate reports . Bush tweaked his left knee last Thursday and coach Sean Payton said the Saints decided to put the running back on IR after determining that he would be unavailable for the team 's final two games . The positive here is that Bush 's injury should n't impact his 2009 availability . Pierre Thomas figures to see the bulk of the Saints ' carries the next couple of weeks , as a result .

25_6ecbplus.xml
http : seattletimes . com html seahawksblog 2013850661 _ saintsrbpierrethomasplacedoninjuredreserve . html January 5 , 2011 at 12 : 19 PM Saints RB Pierre Thomas placed on injured reserve The New Orleans Saints placed Pierre Thomas on injured reserve Wednesday because of an ankle injury . Thomas missed nine games this season because of the injury , including the regular - season finale . He is the second running back in two days to be placed on injured reserve . Chris Ivory was placed on the list Tuesday . That means former Seahawk Julius Jones and Reggie Bush will likely get most of the workload . "We've just got to get the next guy up and make sure we're prepared , " New Orleans coach Sean Payton said in a conference call with Seattle - area reporters . So is the next guy in line Jones ? "I wouldn't assume he's taking the bulk of the carries , " Payton said . "I was in Dallas when we drafted him so I'm familiar with the player . He's filled in in a real good role for us . I think he's smart . He's someone that typically does the right thing , and the other thing is , he's healthy . So from a repetition standpoint , he's gotten X number of carries and plays , but not too many . So what's most important now on a short week for both teams is being rested both physically and mentally and prepared to play in this game , and I know he will be . "

25_7ecb.xml
The New Orleans Saints placed running back Reggie Bush on Injured Reserve Wednesday , ending the former first-round picks season two games short of the year 's finale with a sprained medial collateral ligament in his left knee . Bush missed four games earlier this season after undergoing arthroscopic surgery to repair the meniscus on his left knee and it appears it was injured in the Saints ' Thursday night loss to Chicago . `` Right now , for him , it 's going to be rehab and rest with it , '' Saints Head Coach Sean Payton said . `` With two weeks remaining in the season , we thought that was the best way to go with his injury and allowed us acquire another player . '' Payton added , `` He would n't be put on IR if we had more than two weeks or three weeks left in the season . The news is fairly good , which is encouraging . '' Bush was unavailable for comment Wednesday and will see Dr. James Andrews in Birmingham , Ala. , for further evaluation Friday . He missed games against San Diego , Atlanta , Kansas City and Green Bay midway through this season after getting injured in New Orleans ' 30-7 Oct. 19 loss at Carolina . Payton pulled Bush in the second half of the loss to the Bears and following the game , Bush expressed frustration with the move . Saints quarterback Drew Brees understands . `` He was frustrated. He 's not the only one , '' Brees said . `` There 's a lot of guys who get frustrated when maybe you want to play and you 're not or you know you 're not 100 percent healthy and it 's affecting you . That frustrates you . '' `` He 's used to being the guy , '' Brees continued . `` He 's used to being the one everyone counts on in the clutch situations , all the way from high school to college . That 's what 's in his makeup . That 's what 's in his blood . He 's an extremely competitive guy . '' The former USC running back and Heisman Trophy winner also missed the final four games of the 2007 season after tearing the posterior cruciate ligament in his left knee . But Payton said the injuries this year are n't related to his injury a year ago and he 's not concerned with the long-term prognosis of the third-year pro . `` We 're encouraged with the overall outlook and not having surgery it appears right now , '' Payton said . Bush was named an alternate to the NFC Pro Bowl team on Tuesday . Prior to getting injured , Bush was having a standout year . Through 14 games in the 2008 season , Bush had 404 yards and two touchdowns on 106 carries , averaging 3.8 yards per run . He also had 440 yards and four touchdowns receiving and had returned three punts for touchdowns . `` I had a long visit with him ( Tuesday ) , '' Payton said . `` Just disappointment in the way the season started. Certainly it was encouraging . As we monitor his touches and we look at how many times he gets the ball , be it in the running game and passing game , we 'll find that right balance . ''

25_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article saints - pierre - thomas - to - injured - reserve - and - the - rest - of - injury - report Saints Pierre Thomas to injured reserve and the rest of injury report January 5 , 2011 Not a mere day ago , the New Orleans Saints placed their rookie running back sensation Chris Ivory on injured reserve ( IR ) thus ending his season as the team heads intpo the playoffs . Now the black and gold will have to go without yet another running back . Pierre Thomas was officially placed on IR Wednesday with an ankle injury meaning that the team will be without both of their leading backs for the duration of the season . Remaning on the team are Reggie Bush and Julius Jones . On Tuesday , the Saints re - signed running back DeShawn Wynn who played a few games on special teams earlier in the season . Wednesday afternoon , the Saints signed rookie Joique Bell from the Philadelphia Eagles practice squad . Before the season even began , the Saints had lost running backs Lynell Hamilton and PJ Hill to injuries for the entire year . Some good news is that wide receiver Marques Colston returned to practice fully . The rest of the injury report for Wednesday is as follows : Did Not Practice : S Malcolm Jenkins ( knee ) TE Jimmy Graham ( ankle ) DT Anthony Hargrove ( knee ) LB Danny Clark ( hamstring ) Limited : TE Jeremy Shockey ( groin ) TE David Thomas ( knee )

25_8ecb.xml
Reggie Bush 's season has come to an end . The Saints placed Bush on the injured reserve list Wednesday after he suffered a knee sprain in the team 's Week 15 loss at Chicago . Saints put Bush on I.R . New Orleans signed CB Michael Lehan , who spent five games with the Dolphins this season , to take the vacant roster spot . Bush played in 10 games , but had to sit out four straight after he underwent knee surgery to repair a torn meniscus in October . He rushed 106 times for 404 yards and two touchdowns and also had 52 catches for 440 yards and four TDs. He also had three punt returns for scores .

25_8ecbplus.xml
http : voices . washingtonpost . com early - lead 2011 01 new _ orleans _ saints _ place _ pierr . html Posted at 3 : 21 PM ET , 01 5 2011 New Orleans Saints place Pierre Thomas on injured reserve list The New Orleans Saints have placed running back Pierre Thomas on the injured reserve list a day after their leading rusher , Chris Ivory , was shut down for the season . With a playoff game looming Saturday on what probably will be a wet field in a tough stadium in Seattle , Reggie Bush and Julius Jones will step up to replace the Saints' top two running backs . "I don't know that this is a rallying cry , " Coach Sean Payton said of the injuries ( via Jeff Duncan of the Times - Picayune ) . "We've gone through this before . It's not uncommon . It's more the norm . " Thomas had a setback with an ankle injury in practice last week and , Payton said , everyone "felt this was the best move . " The Saints signed DeShawn Wynn on Tuesday and Joique Bell today off the Philadelphia Eagles' practice squad .

25_9ecb.xml
Sports news in brief from around the world: New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush has been placed on injured reserve and will miss the final two games of the regular season , the team said Wednesday . Bush hurt his left knee against the Carolina Panthers on Oct. 19 and , after missing four games during rehabilitation , has struggled to regain his form . The Saints ( 7-7 ) will visit the Detroit Lions ( 0-14 ) this Sunday . Golf - U.S. Masters champion Trevor Immelman has become the fourth South African to be awarded honorary life membership of the European Tour , and the 32nd overall . `` I actually have goosebumps just thinking about this , '' said the 29-year-old on the eve of the South African Open in Paarl . `` I started my professional career on the tour . `` To become an honorary life member ... is something extremely special I will cherish for the rest of my life , '' added Immelman who follows in the footsteps of compatriots Gary Player , Ernie Els and Retief Goosen .

25_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . aolnews . com 2011 01 05 pierre - thomas - placed - on - injured - reserve Pierre Thomas Placed on Injured Reserve Jan 5 , 2011 – 4 : 35 PM Pierre Thomas , the Saints' leading rusher in 2009 , was put on injured reserve , the team announced Wednesday . Thomas has an ankle injury , and he is the second running back in two days to be placed on IR as New Orleans prepares for its wild - card round playoff game at Seattle . The Saints placed rookie Chris Ivory on injured reserve Tuesday - - another huge blow , because he was the club's leading rusher this season . That leaves Reggie Bush , Julius Jones and the newly - signed Joique Bell , who was added off the Eagles' practice squad when Thomas was placed on IR , to carry the load in the Saints' backfield . The Saints do not generally run the ball much anyway - - New Orleans finished 30th in the NFL in rushing attempts this season , with 380 . They do , however , use their running backs frequently out of the backfield in the short passing game , and Thomas' absence will hurt there . Ivory , who had made strides with ball security , showed off his power this season , running through arm tackles and over lighter linebackers en route to 716 yards rushing . Thomas was hurt in the Saints' game vs . Atlanta game in September and missed 10 games , including last Sunday's loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers . He had just 269 yards rushing . New Orleans has never used Reggie Bush as a feature - type back , but as more of a third - down , all - purpose running back . It is likely he will get 10 to 12 carries on Saturday . The Saints are not likely to expose him to more than that , not with the depth being in such critical shape . There was good news for New Orleans : Wide receiver Marques Colston was a full participant in practice on Wednesday . He did not play last Sunday after undergoing arthroscopic knee surgery last Tuesday . Safety Malcolm Jenkins ( knee ) , tight end Jimmy Graham ( ankle ) , defensive tackle Anthony Hargrove ( knee ) and linebacker Danny Clark ( hamstring ) did not participate in team drills Wednesday . It is not certain what their status is for Saturday . Tight end Jeremy Shockey ( groin ) and tight end David Thomas ( knee ) were limited in Wednesday's practice , which is encouraging because of Graham's ankle injury .

