26_10ecb.xml
A Mafia boss in Palermo hanged himself in jail after hours before he was arrested in a police 's raid .

26_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . upi . com Top _ News 2005 12 19 Vincent - The - Chin - Gigante - dies - in - prison UPI - 88751135046674 Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante dies in prison Published : Dec . 19 , 2005 at 9 : 44 PM Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the New York mob boss whose crazy act earned him the nickname "The Oddfather , " died in prison Monday . He was 77 . The former driver for late Mafia boss Vito Genovese , Gigante rose to the head of the crime family that bears Genovese's name , Newsday reported . "He was the last of the old - school bosses , " said ex - NYPD organized crime detective Joe Coffey Monday . Bureau of Prisons spokesman Al Quintero said Gigante died early Monday of apparent heart disease at the U . S . medical center for federal prisoners in Springfield , Mo . It is the same prison where mobsters John Gotti , Anthony "Fat Tony" Salerno and Anthony "Tony Ducks" Corallo also died , the newspaper said . Gigante was serving a 12 - year sentence for a racketeering conspiracy conviction in Brooklyn in 1997 and was due to be released in June 2010 . He became a legend for pretending he was mentally ill as a way of escaping prosecution . Gigante would wander around Greenwich Village in his bathrobe , mumbling to himself . In April 2003 , Gigante plead guilty to charges he feigned mental illness in the 1990s , adding three years to his sentence .

26_11ecb.xml
Suspected Key Mafia Boss Vying For Top Costra Nostra Slot Found Hanging Dead In Palermo Jail Cell A key suspected Mafia boss arrested Tuesday in a Sicilian police raid has been found dead , hanging in his Pagliarelli prison cell in in Palermo .

26_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . deseretnews . com article 635170067 Mob - boss - Oddfather - dies - in - prison - at - 77 . html ? pg=all Mob boss 'Oddfather' dies in prison at 77 Published : Tuesday , Dec . 20 2005 12 : 00 a . m . MST Mob boss Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the powerful Mafioso who avoided jail for decades by wandering the streets in a ratty bathrobe and slippers , feigning mental illness , died Monday in prison . He was 77 . The head of the Genovese crime family , who had suffered from heart disease , died at the federal prison in Springfield , Mo . , said prison spokesman Al Quintero . It was the same place where rival mob boss John Gotti died of cancer in 2002 at age 61 . Gigante's death also was confirmed by Christine Monaco , a spokeswoman for the FBI , the organization that worked for years to put him behind bars . Dubbed the "Oddfather" for his bizarre behavior , Gigante had scored a lengthy string of victories over prosecutors , but it ended with a July 1997 racketeering conviction . He was sentenced to 12 years in prison .

26_12ecb.xml
An alleged Mafia boss who was caught on wiretaps purportedly discussing Cosa Nostra 's new hierarchy hanged himself in a Sicilian jail hours after his arrest , police said Wednesday .

26_13ecb.xml
A suspected Mafia boss arrested in a high-profile police raid has been found dead in his cell , Italian police sources have said . Gaetano Lo Presti , who had been previously convicted of mob-related crimes before his re-arrest on Tuesday , was found dead in Pagliarelli prison in the Sicilian capital of Palermo . Police said Lo Presti had hanged himself late on Tuesday night .

26_1ecb.xml
Gaetano Lo Presti , one of 99 alleged Sicilian Mafia members seized on Tuesday , has apparently hanged himself with his belt in prison . Lo Presti , 52 , head of Mafia clans in the Porta Nuova area of Palermo , was found dead in Pagliarelli prison only hours after his arrest .

26_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2005 12 19 obituaries 19cnd - gigante . html ? pagewanted=all Vincent Gigante , Mafia Leader Who Feigned Insanity , Dies at 77 Published : December 19 , 2005 Vincent Gigante , who feigned mental illness for decades to camouflage his position as one of the nation's most influential and dangerous Mafia leaders , died today in federal prison in Springfield , Mo . , officials told The Associated Press . He was 77 . Mr . Gigante died while serving a 12 - year sentence imposed in 1997 after he was convicted of racketeering and conspiring to kill other mobsters . Officials at the prison medical center where he died did not provide the cause of death but noted that he suffered from heart disease . Mr . Gigante , whose nickname was "Chin , " painstakingly maintained the fiction that he was incompetent until April 2003 , when he appeared before Judge I . Leo Glasser in Federal District Court in Brooklyn and pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice . Specifically , he acknowledged running a con on the legal system that delayed his racketeering trial from 1990 to 1997 while his sanity was being examined . As part of the plea , three more years were added to his prison term , but he avoided a lengthy trial on the other charges , which amounted to an accusation - long denied or sidestepped by Mr . Gigante - that he headed the Genovese organized crime family . His lawyer , Benjamin Brafman , offered the explanation that "I think you get to a point in life - I think everyone does - where you become too old and too sick and too tired to fight . " For Mr . Gigante , the guise that he adopted in the mid - 1960's - behavior that won him the nickname Oddfather - took considerable effort to maintain . He could often be seen shuffling around his Greenwich Village neighborhood in pajamas , bathrobe and slippers , mumbling to himself and appearing to be a disturbed but harmless person . Law - enforcement agents , prosecutors and Mafia defectors described his behavior as a staged performance calculated to evade prosecution for his activities as head of a crime family that under his leadership became the wealthiest and most powerful in the nation . Based on information from informers and electronic eavesdropping on gangsters , F . B . I . and New York City law - enforcement officials ranked Mr . Gigante as the pre - eminent Mafia leader in the early and mid - 1990's , and prosecutors identified him as the dominant force in the early 1990's inside the Commission , the Mafia's ruling body , which resolves significant disputes among the five major families in the New York region . His reach , law - enforcement officials said , extended as well to Philadelphia and New England , where he exercised veto power over the appointments of mob bosses in those areas . Salvatore Gravano , the No . 2 figure in the Gambino crime family before he defected in 1991 , testified that even Mr . Gigante's archrival , John Gotti , grudgingly acknowledged Mr . Gigante's craftiness . "He's crazy like a fox , " Mr . Gravano quoted Mr . Gotti as saying of Mr . Gigante after a summit meeting of New York City mob leaders in 1988 . Mr . Gotti was the boss of the Gambino family until his own imprisonment forced him to relinquish undisputed control in the late 1990's . He , too , died in a prison hospital , of cancer in June 2002 . Federal Bureau of Investigation agents and federal and state prosecutors regarded Mr . Gigante as the most elusive Mafia leader of his era and the most difficult to bring to trial . "He was probably the most clever organized - crime figure I have ever seen , " said John S . Pritchard 3rd , a former F . B . I . supervisor , who led a squad that investigated the Genovese family in the 1980's . Disputing the government's contentions , Mr . Gigante's lawyers and relatives maintained that he had been mentally disabled since the late 1960's , with a below - normal I . Q . of 69 to 72 . His defenders steadfastly denied that he was associated with the Mafia , asserting that it was ludicrous to believe that someone so mentally subpar was capable of heading a major crime organization . The Rev . Louis Gigante , a Roman Catholic priest , former New York city councilman and a builder of low - income housing in the Bronx , characterized the relentless investigations of his older brother as persecution by agents and prosecutors who were biased against Italian - Americans . Organized - crime experts and mob turncoats said that Mr . Gigante was apparently willing to humiliate himself publicly as the price for escaping the long prison sentences that were being meted out to other Mafia leaders . According to federal and state investigators , each of the family's 200 "made" or inducted soldiers and about 1 , 000 associates - the name for others who voluntarily cooperate in illegal activities but who are not sworn members - were obligated to funnel part of their loot to Mr . Gigante , as much as $100 million a year in the early 1990's . The family's fortune , the experts said , flowed largely from a vast network of bookmaking and loansharking rings and from extortions of construction companies in the New York City area seeking labor peace or sweetheart contracts from carpenters , teamsters and laborers' unions that were dominated by Mr . Gigante's lieutenants . Mob deserters in the mid - 1990's testified in criminal and civil cases that the Genovese gang's other lucrative enterprises included the control of cartels that rigged bids and inflated prices in the private garbage - hauling industries of New York City and Westchester County ; kickbacks from shipping and trucking companies on the New Jersey waterfront in exchange for labor peace ; protection payoffs from merchants at the Fulton Fish Market ; and the control of many union jobs at the Jacob K . Javits Convention Center in Manhattan . Mr . Gigante's influence even extended over the San Gennaro Street Festival in Little Italy until a 1995 crackdown by New York City officials and federal prosecutors resulted in allegations that the Genovese family operated gambling games at the festival , extorted payoffs from venders and pocketed thousands of dollars donated to a neighborhood church . In the 1980's , after the authorities said Mr . Gigante had assumed undisputed command of the Genovese family , he conducted his activities in a starkly unorthodox fashion for a Mafia leader . Most days , in the early evening , Mr . Gigante , a hulking man who was about six feet tall and weighed 200 pounds , would emerge from his mother's walkup apartment building on Sullivan Street in Greenwich Village . Sometimes dressed in a bathrobe and pajamas and sometimes wearing a windbreaker and shabby trousers and always accompanied by one or two bodyguards , he gingerly crossed the street to the Triangle Civic Improvement Association , a dingy storefront club that served as his headquarters . Inside , he played pinochle and held whispered conversations with men who agents said were his trusted confederates . After midnight , according to F . B . I . surveillance reports , he would be driven to a townhouse near Park Avenue at East 77th Street , that was owned by Olympia Esposito , who was characterized by Mr . Gigante's lawyers as his common - law wife and the mother of three of his eight children , Vincent , Lucia and Carmella Esposito . F . B . I . agents , who in 1986 observed the townhouse from a nearby rooftop post , said that soon after arriving , Mr . Gigante would change into more elegant clothes , carry on conversations with associates , and read or watch television before retiring . About 9 or 10 the next morning , he would reappear in his shabby downtown clothes and be driven back to Sullivan Street or a nearby apartment occupied by his relatives at 505 LaGuardia Place . "It was hard to understand what enjoyment he got out of being a mob boss , " said Ronald Goldstock , the former director of the New York State Organized Crime Task Force . "His only pleasure appeared to be the pure power he exercised . " Vincent Gigante ( pronounced ji - GANT - tee ) was born on March 29 , 1928 , in New York City and grew up on the same streets in Greenwich Village where he would spend most of his adult life . He was one of five sons of Salvatore Gigante , a watchmaker , and Yolanda Gigante , a seamstress , both of whom had immigrated from Naples . His mother usually addressed him as "Cincenzo , " a diminutive of Vincente , and his boyhood friends shortened that into his lifelong nickname , "Chin . " A lackadaisical student , Mr . Gigante graduated from P . S . 3 , an elementary school in Greenwich Village and dropped out of Textile High School in Manhattan in the ninth grade . Police detectives said that as a teen - ager , he became a prot�g� of Vito Genovese , who was a potent Mafia leader in the United States and in Italy from the 1930's to the 1960's and whose name still describes the organized - crime group he headed until his death in 1969 . The gang was founded in the 1930's by one of the nation's most notorious criminals , Charles ( Lucky ) Luciano , who was deported to Italy and who died in 1962 . Mr . Genovese is believed to have endeared himself to the Gigantes when Vincent was a boy with a loan to pay for surgery needed by Mrs . Gigante . Between age 17 and 25 , Mr . Gigante was arrested seven times on an array of charges : receiving stolen goods , possession of an unlicensed handgun , auto theft , arson and bookmaking . Most were dismissed or resolved by fines . His only jail sentence in that period was 60 days for a gambling conviction . When arrested in his early 20's , he listed his occupation as a tailor . But as a strapping youth with quick fists , he was better known as a prize fighter . Mr . Gigante , from age 16 to 19 , fought as a light heavyweight in clubs around town , winning 21 of 25 light - heavyweight bouts , according to Nat Fleischer's Ring Record Book . Club boxers in those days fought four - and six - round contests in neighborhood arenas , usually getting a percentage of the tickets they themselves sold . One of Mr . Gigante's managers was a Greenwich Village neighbor , Thomas ( Tommy Ryan ) Eboli , who later became the boss of the Genovese family . Former New York City detectives who were assigned to organized - crime intelligence units said that Mr . Gigante earned his Mafia spurs as an enforcer in the 1950's . But his prominence in the underworld surged in 1957 , when Mr . Genovese wrested control of a mob family from Frank Costello , who had been a close friend of Lucky Luciano and Meyer Lansky and was one of the best - known underworld figures in America . Mr . Costello retired abruptly as a boss after a gunman grazed his scalp with a bullet in the vestibule of his apartment building on Central Park West . A doorman identified the 29 - year - old Mr . Gigante as the shooter , but Mr . Costello testified that he was unable to recognize his assailant and Mr . Gigante was acquitted in 1958 on charges of attempted murder . A year later , he was convicted with Mr . Genovese in Manhattan on federal charges of heroin trafficking . Mr . Gigante , who listed his profession as the superintendent of a tenement on Bleecker Street , was sentenced to seven years in prison . The sentencing judge said he would have imposed a longer sentence but was swayed by a flood of letters from residents of Greenwich Village and Little Italy attesting to Mr . Gigante's good character and his work on behalf of juveniles . He was paroled after five years and detectives said that soon afterward he was promoted from soldier to the rank of capo , or captain , overseeing a group of Mafia gangsters known as a crew , in Greenwich Village . Although his headquarters was in Lower Manhattan and he spent his nights farther uptown , Mr . Gigante had a home in Old Tappan , N . J . , where he lived with his wife , the former Olympia Grippa , and their three daughters and two sons . They are Yolanda Fyfe , Roseanne D'Cola and Rita Gigante , and Salvatore and Andrew . In 1969 , he was indicted in New Jersey on a charge of conspiracy to bribe the entire five - member Old Tappan police force to alert him to surveillance operations by law enforcement agencies . The accusation was dropped after Mr . Gigante's lawyers presented reports from psychiatrists that he was mentally unfit to stand trial . Mafia informers and defectors said that Mr . Gigante gained control of the Genovese family in a peaceful transition in the early 1980's when the group's acting boss , Philip Lombardo , stepped down because of ill health , and Mr . Gigante's main rival , Anthony Salerno , was imprisoned for life on racketeering charges . Mr . Salerno died in federal prison in 1992 . As a new godfather , Mr . Gigante quickly imposed extraordinary security measures . Genovese soldiers and associates were forbidden to utter his name or nickname in conversations or telephone calls . When references to him had to be made , capos and soldiers would silently point to their chins or form the letter "C" with their fingers . Mr . Gigante was indicted in 1990 with 14 others on federal charges in Brooklyn that they had conspired to rig bids and extort payoffs from contractors on multimillion - dollar contracts with the New York City Housing Authority to install windows . At his arraignment , he appeared in court in his familiar pajamas and bathrobe and a peaked cap . Because of defense contentions that he was mentally and physically impaired , his case was severed from the other defendants and legal battles ensued for seven years over his competence to stand trial . A superseding indictment in 1993 brought more serious accusations against him . Mr . Gigante was charged with being the head of the Genovese family and sanctioning the murders of six mobsters and conspiring to kill three others , including John Gotti , the boss of the Gambino family . Mr . Gigante , the indictment asserted , wanted Mr . Gotti eliminated because he had violated Mafia protocol by arranging the assassination of the previous Gambino boss , Paul Castellano , without seeking Mr . Gigante's approval . The evidence in both indictments stemmed mainly from deserters from the Genovese and other mob families who entered the Government's Witness Protection Program . At sanity hearings in March 1996 , Mr . Gravano of the Gambino family , and Alphonse D'Arco , the former acting boss of another New York Mafia organization , the Lucchese crime family , testified that Mr . Gigante was lucid during top - level Mafia meetings and that he had acknowledged to other gangsters that his eccentric behavior was a pretense . Mr . Gigante's lawyers elicited testimony and reports from psychiatrists and psychologists that from 1969 to 1995 , he had been confined 28 times in hospitals for treatment of hallucinations and that he suffered from "dementia rooted in organic brain damage . " In August 1996 , Judge Eugene H . Nickerson of Federal District Court in Brooklyn ruled that Mr . Gigante was mentally competent to stand trial on murder and racketeering charges . The judge found that at least until 1991 , Mr . Gigante had engaged in an "elaborate deception" with the help of his relatives to deceive psychiatrists about his condition . Before the trial began , Mr . Gigante , who had open - heart surgery in 1988 , had another cardiac operation in December 1996 , putting his fitness to stand trial in doubt once again . Mr . Gigante had pleaded not guilty and had been free for years on $1 million bond . During the monthlong trial in 1997 , a gaunt - looking Mr . Gigante sat in a wheelchair , looking blankly into space as witnesses testified and lawyers argued . He did not testify . After three days of deliberations , the jury on July 25 , 1997 , convicted him on charges of running multimillion - dollar rackets as the Genovese family chief and of conspiring unsuccessfully in the late 1980's to murder Mr . Gotti and a Genovese family defector . But he was acquitted of ordering three other gangland slayings and the jury was deadlocked on accusations that he ordered four other murders . Imposing a sentence of 12 years - instead of a possible maximum of 27 years - and a $1 . 25 million fine , Judge Jack B . Weinstein of Federal District Court in Brooklyn reflected in December 1997 on Mr . Gigante's career . "He is a shadow of his former self , " the judge said , "an old man finally brought to bay in his declining years after decades of vicious criminal tyranny . "

26_2ecb.xml
One of the key suspected Mafia bosses arrested yesterday in one of Sicily 's biggest police operations has hanged himself in his prison cell , police said . Gaetano Lo Presti , the `` godfather '' of the Palermo district of Porta Nuova , was found dead late last night in Pagliarelli prison in the Sicilian capital of Palermo .

26_2ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news nation 2005 - 12 - 19 - giganteobit _ x . htm Posted 12 19 2005 3 : 36 PM Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante , last of Mafia giants , dies Mob boss Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the powerful Mafioso who avoided jail for decades by wandering the streets in a ratty bathrobe and slippers , feigning mental illness , died Monday in prison . He was 77 . The head of the Genovese crime family , who had suffered from heart disease , died at the federal prison in Springfield , Mo . , said prison spokesman Al Quintero . It was the same place where rival mob boss John Gotti died of cancer in 2002 at age 61 . Gigante's death also was confirmed by Christine Monaco , a spokeswoman for the FBI , the organization that worked for years to put him behind bars . Dubbed the "Oddfather" for his bizarre behavior , Gigante had scored a lengthy string of victories over prosecutors , but it ended with a July 1997 racketeering conviction . He was sentenced to 12 years in prison . After a quarter - century of public craziness , he finally admitted his insanity ruse at an April 2003 federal hearing in which he calmly pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice . That brought him another three - year sentence . At that hearing , he chatted amiably with his son , shook hands with defense lawyers and said "God bless you" to U . S . District Judge I . Leo Glasser . For the man described by The New York Times Magazine as "the last great Mafioso of the century , " his admission was the final act in a 50 - year career linking the era of old - time gangsters and the modern - day Mafia of Gotti . At the height of his power , Gigante's empire stretched from Little Italy to the docks of Miami . Mob experts called him a traditional boss who settled issues by whatever means - verbal or violent - were required . Denying he was a gangster , Gigante would wander the streets of the Greenwich Village neighborhood in nightclothes , muttering incoherently . Relatives , including a brother was who a Roman Catholic priest , insisted Gigante suffered from paranoid schizophrenia , dementia and Alzheimer's disease . Authorities charged it was a brazen act to avoid the law - although it wasn't until 1997 that a jury agreed . The trial was a spectacle , with Gigante in a wheelchair , mumbling silently , seemingly oblivious to the proceedings . His lawyers claimed they could not communicate with him in any "meaningful way . " None of that swayed jurors , who convicted Gigante of racketeering , extortion and plotting the murder - never carried out - of ex - mob associate Peter Savino . Born in the Bronx in 1928 , one of five sons of Italian immigrant parents , Gigante became a small - time boxer and drifted into the crime family founded in 1931 by legendary gangster Charles "Lucky" Luciano . In 1957 , Gigante was the hitman in a botched attempt to assassinate then - boss Frank Costello . After refusing to name his attacker in court , the shaken Costello retired , making Gigante's patron , Vito Genovese , kingpin of the family that still bears his name . Over time , Gigante , a stocky figure with a pugilist's face and 1940s pompadour , proved better at beating the law than Gotti , the so - called "Teflon Don" who won two acquittals before tapes and turncoats sent him to prison for life . Before 1997 , Gigante had served only a five - year heroin rap in 1959 .

26_3ecb.xml
An alleged mafia boss who was arrested in a massive sweep by Italian police hanged himself in a prison cell within hours of being detained . Police have launched an investigation into how Gaetano Lo Presti was able to commit suicide . He was found dead in a cell in Palermo 's Pagliarelli prison late on Tuesday night , just hours after being picked up during raids by 1,200 police backed up by helicopters and sniffer dogs .

26_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnews . com id 10533911 ns us _ news - crime _ and _ courts t ex - mafia - boss - vincent - gigante - dies - prison Ex - Mafia boss Vincent Gigante dies in prison He was known as the 'Oddfather' for faking mental illness to beat raps updated 12 19 2005 2 : 48 : 40 PM ET Mob boss Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the powerful Mafioso who avoided jail for decades by wandering the streets in a ratty bathrobe and slippers , feigning mental illness , died Monday in prison , officials said . He was 77 . Gigante , who had suffered from heart disease , died at the federal prison in Springfield , Mo . , said prison spokesman Al Quintero . Gigante , head of the Genovese crime family , had scored a lengthy string of victories over prosecutors , but it ended with a July 1997 racketeering conviction . After nearly a quarter - century of public craziness , he finally admitted his insanity ruse at an April 2003 federal hearing in which the man dubbed the "Oddfather" by tabloid newspapers calmly pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice . At the height of his power , Gigante's empire stretched from Little Italy to the docks of Miami . Denying he was a gangster , Gigante would wander the streets of the Greenwich Village neighborhood in nightclothes , muttering incoherently . Relatives , including a brother was who a Roman Catholic priest , insisted Gigante suffered from paranoid schizophrenia , dementia and Alzheimer's disease . Authorities charged it was a brazen act to avoid the law - although it wasn't until 1997 that a jury agreed , and it took another six years for Gigante to concede his subterfuge . Born in the Bronx in 1928 , one of five sons of Italian immigrant parents , Gigante became a small - time boxer and drifted into the crime family founded in 1931 by legendary gangster Charles "Lucky" Luciano . In 1957 , Gigante was the hitman in a botched attempt to assassinate then - boss Frank Costello . After refusing to name his attacker in court , the shaken Costello retired , making Gigante's patron , Vito Genovese , kingpin of the family that still bears his name . Over time , Gigante proved better at beating the law than John Gotti , the so - called "Teflon Don" who won two acquittals before tapes and turncoats sent him to prison for life . Gotti died in 2002 at age 61 . Before 1997 , Gigante had served only a five - year heroin rap in 1959 .

26_4ecb.xml
The alleged Mafia boss of a Palermo neighborhood hanged himself in jail , hours after he was arrested in a blitz against Cosa Nostra , police in Sicily said Wednesday . Carabinieri paramilitary police in Palermo said Gaetano Lo Presti , 52 , hanged himself in his cell in a Palermo jail Tuesday evening , hours after he was arrested in the raid .

26_4ecbplus.xml
http : news . bbc . co . uk 2 hi 4544118 . stm Last Updated : Tuesday , 20 December 2005 , 10 : 39 GMT US mafia godfather Gigante dies One of the most famous mafia godfathers in the US , Vincent "the Chin" Gigante , who spent much of his life avoiding prison , has died in jail , aged 77 . He was , according to the New York Times , the last great mafioso of the 20th century . For years , Gigante evaded prison by concocting an elaborate mental illness . He routinely wandered the streets of New York's Manhattan , shuffling along in slippers and a tattered bathrobe , muttering incoherently . This bizarre behaviour earned him the title "the Oddfather" , but also helped to keep him out of jail , as a series of juries were convinced that Gigante was indeed insane . But in 1997 , he was finally convicted of racketeering , and in April 2003 he admitted to a court that his behaviour had been a ruse to stay out of prison . Heart disease He died in a medical prison in Springfield , Missouri , on Monday morning , said a spokesman for the facility . The cause of his death was unknown , although he had had heart disease , the spokesman said . His death was confirmed by the FBI , whose agents worked for decades to bring him to justice . He was born in the Bronx in 1928 to Italian immigrants , and given the nickname "Chin" - short for Vincenzo . The ex - boxer became part of the powerful Genovese mafia family , eventually winning the patronage of ambitious mobster Vito Genovese . Gigante carried out an attempted hit on the boss of the family , Frank Costello , in 1957 . The frightened Costello refused to name his attacker in court , and left Genovese to take over the mob . Mumbling quietly When the FBI closed in on Gigante , he feigned mental illness to escape conviction for police - bribery in 1970 . From then on , his act became more elaborate . Federal agents once found him standing naked in a shower , holding an umbrella . Relatives - even including his brother , a Roman Catholic priest - insisted he suffered from paranoid schizophrenia , dementia and Alzheimer's disease . At his trial in 1997 , for conspiracy to murder other organised crime figures , racketeering , and extortion , he sat in a wheelchair , mumbling quietly , apparently unaware of what was going on . It took the testimony of six turncoat mobsters , and FBI tape recordings in which the so - called Oddfather was heard conversing in a perfectly normal way , to convince the jury of his guilt . He was jailed for 12 years , but it took until 2003 for the Chin to admit his sham .

26_5ecb.xml
A suspected Mafia leader has hanged himself in prison in Sicily hours after being arrested , Italian police say . Police said Lo Presti , alleged boss of a Sicilian Mafia clan in a district of Palermo , hanged himself in his cell .

26_5ecbplus.xml
http : wiki . answers . com Q Is _ Vincent _ 'The _ Chin' _ Gigante _ still _ in _ prison Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante died while in prison custody on December 19 , 2005 .

26_6ecb.xml
A suspected Mafia boss arrested Tuesday in a high-profile police swoop has hanged himself in his prison cell , police sources said Wednesday . Gaetano Lo Presti , who was already convicted of mob-related crimes prior to his latest arrest , was found dead late last night in Pagliarelli prison in the Sicilian capital of Palermo .

26_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nysun . com obituaries vincent - chin - gigante - 77 - crime - boss 24729 Vincent 'Chin' Gigante , 77 , Crime Boss December 20 , 2005 Vincent Gigante , who died yesterday in federal prison at 77 , was the Genovese crime family boss who for three decades feigned lunacy to evade prosecution for crimes ranging from loan sharking to murder to bribing the entire police force of Old Tappan , N . J . He was known as "Chin , " and his moniker was often invoked by denizens of the Mafia underworld with a hand - to - chin gesture rather than a word , the better to foil police bugs . To the writers of headlines he was sometimes "Daffy Don" or "the Oddfather" for his habit of walking the streets of the West Village clad in a bathrobe , striped pyjamas , and slippers , while muttering incoherently . Federal prosecutors claimed it was an act , but it was not until 2003 , after more than three decades of faking mental illness , that Gigante admitted in court that he did it to avoid prosecution . His admission came as part of a plea deal on behalf of his son , Andrew , also convicted of mob - related activities . For two decades , Gigante was head of the Genovese crime family , which emerged as the largest of the five New York Mafia clans after decades of concerted federal prosecutions decimated its rivals . It was estimated that there were some 300 members of the family under his control . The Genovese rackets included guaranteeing labor peace to firms in construction , garbage removal , and trucking ; extorting payoffs from companies doing business at the Ports of Newark and Elizabeth ; various rackets at the Fulton Fish Market and the Jacob K . Javits Convention Center ; contracts for window - installation in city housing , and the old standbys of bookmaking , loan - sharking , and narcotics . It was narcotics that first sent Gigante to prison , in 1959 , when he received a five - year sentence after being caught conspiring to smuggle heroin from abroad . Also sentenced in the case was the man who gave his name to the crime family , Vito Genovese . Genovese ran his organization from behind bars while serving a 15 - year sentence . It was a similar ruse - maintaining control of the family while incarcerated by transmitting orders through his son , Andrew - that was Gigante's downfall . Gigante was born in the Bronx to parents who were immigrants from Naples , Italy . His father was a jewelry engraver , and his mother was a seamstress . Born Vincenzo , he was called "Chin" for short , and his prominent chin probably helped the name stick . He put it to good use as a teenage boxer , winning 21 of 25 club fights . Gigante was arrested several times from when he was 17 to 25 , for possession of an unlicensed handgun , gambling , bookmaking , grand larceny , and arson . Two of his brothers , Mario and Ralph , were also identified as Mafia soldiers , while another , Louis , was a prominent Catholic priest as well as a Democratic politician in the Bronx . In 1957 Gigante was charged with attempted murder in the shooting of Frank Costello , then the head of what would be called the Genovese family . He was acquitted despite the testimony of a doorman who claimed to have witnessed the crime ; Costello himself claimed not to have seen his assailant , despite being shot at close range from the front . The shot had only "creased his head , " according to reports at the time . The prosecutor in the Costello case claimed that Gigante was "a young punk on the way up in the underworld who was chosen to kill Costello to win his spurs . " If so , it seemed to have worked , despite his having missed . Costello retired soon after , and Genovese assumed control of the family , which had a history going back to Lucky Luciano . After serving five years on the 1959 heroin conviction , Gigante resumed his life of crime . He first sought psychiatric help in 1966 , while under investigation for bribing New York City police . In 1970 , he was indicted for bribing the entire five - man police force of Old Tappan , N . J . , a small town in Bergen County where he had moved . After he produced evidence that he was under psychiatric care at St . Vincent's hospital in Westchester , the court ruled that he was mentally incompetent to testify in the case . It was a pattern Gigante would repeat in the coming decades , including committing himself several times when prosecutions threatened . Gigante's immediate family supported him , especially Louis , the glad - handing , cigar - smoking priest and builder of low - income housing , who told reporters his brother had paranoid schizophrenia , dementia , and Alzheimer's disease . Federal marshals serving him with a subpoena at his mother's Sullivan Street apartment house once found him standing under the shower , fully clothed , holding an umbrella . "Vincenzo ? He is the boss of the toilet ! " his mother told New York Post columnist Cindy Adams . Gigante , meantime , was consolidating his power within the Genovese family . In the late 1970s , he ran a crew in Lower Manhattan , operating waterfront rackets , as well as loan - sharking and gambling in New Jersey . He emerged as head of the Genovese family by the early 1980s . Federal prosecutors kept him under observation for decades , and Gigante kept up the crazy act with amazing consistency . He spent much of each day walking around the Village in his bed clothes and playing cards at his Triangle Civic Improvement Association on Mulberry Street . A sign hung on the wall warning business associates against loose talk : "This place is bugged . " By the late 1980s , he rarely went to Old Tappan , preferring to spend his nights on the Upper East Side with his mistress , with whom he had three children . Oddly , both his wife and his mistress were named Olympia . Gigante's mental illness act allowed him to escape trial despite being indicted numerous times on charges ranging from bid rigging and extortion to conspiracy to commit eight murders . His luck held until 1997 , when a New York jury found him guilty of a range of charges and sentenced him to 12 years in the federal penitentiary . It may have been a bad omen that the judge in the case , Jack B . Weinstein , insisted that Gigante wear a suit rather than a bathrobe to his trial . At the Palma Boys Social Club in East Harlem in 1985 , the FBI taped the following exchange between two Genovese family members , Anthony "Fat Tony" Salerno and Giuseppe Sabato : Salerno : He's got to worry if he gets pinched , all them years he spent in that [ expletive deleted ] asylum . Sabato : That's what I'm saying . Salerno : For nothing . Vincent L . Gigante Born March 29 , 1928 , in the Bronx ; died December 19 at the U . S . Medical Center for federal prisoners in Springfield , Mo . ; the cause of death was not announced , but he had recently suffered heart problems .

26_7ecb.xml
One of the Mafia bosses and clan members arrested in a major police crackdown has hung himself in his prison cell in Palermo . His suicide appeared to be related to clan feuds . Gaetano Lo Presti , 52 , who had taken over control of Mafia clans in the Porta Nuova area of Palermo and had previous convictions , was found dead in Pagliarelli prison , police said today .

26_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . redorbit . com news general 334815 ny _ mob _ don _ vincent _ chin _ gigante _ dies _ in _ prison NY mob don Vincent 'Chin' Gigante dies in prison December 19 , 2005 Convicted mobster Vincent "Chin" Gigante , famed for wandering the streets of New York in a tattered bathrobe in a show of insanity , died on Monday in federal prison , officials said . Considered one of the last of New York's old - time Mafia dons , the reputed head of the Genovese family was serving a 12 - year sentence at the U . S . Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield , Missouri . He was 77 . Gigante was also nicknamed "The Oddfather" and "The Pajama King" - references to his habit of shuffling along the sidewalk in Manhattan's Greenwich Village muttering to himself , looking disheveled and unshaven in a robe and slippers . His attorneys argued that Gigante was mentally ill and incapable of running a crime family ; prosecutors argued he was feigning illness to avoid prosecution . Eventually , a jury found Gigante guilty in 1997 of conspiracy to murder other organized crime figures , racketeering , extortion and other charges . The case relied heavily on the testimony of six former mobsters who became government informants , including Salvatore "Sammy the Bull" Gravano , whose testimony was critical in the 1992 conviction of the late mobster John Gotti . Following Gigante's conviction , prosecutors said he continued to run the crime family from prison . In 2003 , he pleaded guilty to obstructing justice by misleading doctors about his mental state . The cause of death was unknown , but Gigante had been suffering from heart disease , said prison spokesman Al Quintero .

26_8ecb.xml
A suspected Mafia leader committed suicide overnight after being arrested in a major police sweep , police in Palermo , Sicily , said on Wednesday . He may have been driven to suicide because wiretapped conversations between him and other Mafia bosses helped lead to the police sweep on Tuesday in which 89 people were arrested following a nine-month probe , the Ansa news agency reported .

26_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . democraticunderground . com discuss duboard . php ? az=view _ all&address=102x1996500 Vincent 'The Chin' Gigante Dies in Prison Edited on Mon Dec - 19 - 05 03 : 49 PM Mob boss Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the powerful Mafioso who avoided jail for decades by wandering the streets in a ratty bathrobe and slippers , feigning mental illness , died Monday in prison . He was 77 . The head of the Genovese crime family , who had suffered from heart disease , died at the federal prison in Springfield , Mo . , said prison spokesman Al Quintero . It was the same place where rival mob boss John Gotti died of cancer in 2002 at age 61 . Gigante's death also was confirmed by Christine Monaco , a spokeswoman for the FBI , the organization that worked for years to put him behind bars . Dubbed the "Oddfather" for his bizarre behavior , Gigante had scored a lengthy string of victories over prosecutors , but it ended with a July 1997 racketeering conviction . He was sentenced to 12 years in prison . After a quarter - century of public craziness , he finally admitted his insanity ruse at an April 2003 federal hearing in which he calmly pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice . That brought him another three - year sentence . . . . For the man described by The New York Times Magazine as "the last great Mafioso of the century , " his admission was the final act in a 50 - year career linking the era of old - time gangsters and the modern - day Mafia of Gotti .

26_9ecb.xml
A mafioso committed suicide hours after his arrest in a police bust of almost 100 people suspected of trying to re-establish Cosa Nostra provincial 'commission ' . Gaetano Lo Presti , 52 , hung himself in his cell on Tuesday evening after he is believed to have read police wiretap transcripts implicating him in the affair .

26_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . sunjournal . com node 131532 Mafia 'Oddfather , ' Vincent 'Chin' Gigante , dies in U . S . prison at 77 Tuesday , December 20 , 2005 Vincent "The Chin" Gigante , the powerful mob boss who avoided jail for decades by wandering the Greenwich Village streets in a ratty bathrobe and slippers as part of an elaborate feigned mental illness , died Monday in prison , federal officials said . He was 77 . Gigante died at the U . S . Medical Center for federal prisoners in Springfield , Mo . , said prison spokesman Al Quintero . The cause of death was not immediately known , but Quintero said Gigante had a history of heart disease . Dubbed the "Oddfather" for his bizarre behavior , the former Genovese crime family head , an ex - boxer whose lengthy string of victories over prosecutors ended with a July 1997 racketeering conviction , finally admitted his insanity ruse at an April 2003 court hearing . After nearly a quarter - century of public craziness , Gigante calmly pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice for his deception . He then chatted amiably with his son , shook hands with defense lawyers and even laughed at one point . "God bless you , " he told the judge , offering a broad wave goodbye before leaving the Brooklyn courtroom . Gigante was jailed in the medical ward at the federal prison in Springfield - the same facility where rival mob boss John Gotti died . Denying he was a gangster , Gigante would wander the streets of his native Greenwich Village in nightclothes , muttering incoherently . Relatives , including a brother was who a Roman Catholic priest , insisted Gigante suffered from paranoid schizophrenia , dementia and Alzheimer's disease . Authorities charged it was a brazen act to avoid the law - although it wasn't until 1997 that a jury agreed , and it took another six years for Gigante to concede his subterfuge . At the height of his power , Gigante's empire stretched from the booths at Little Italy's San Gennaro Festival to the docks of Miami . "The looney tunes act served Gigante well - it kept him out of prison for 30 years - but in the end he was the victim of his own crazy act . He never had a chance to enjoy the fruits of his plunder , and he told some people that if given the chance , he wouldn't do it that way again , " said Jerry Capeci , a Mafia expert and author of six books on organized crime . For the man described by The New York Times Magazine as "the last great Mafioso of the century , " his admission was the final act in a 50 - year career spanning the era of the old - time , publicity - shy "Mustache Petes" and the modern - day Mafia of the swaggering Gotti . Gigante looked the part , a stocky figure with a pugilist's face and 1940s Brylcreem pompadour . Mob experts called him a traditional boss , trusted by others , who settled issues by whatever means - verbal or violent - were required . His fall from power was sealed in a Brooklyn courtroom where a parade of six turncoat mobsters , led by ex - Gotti underboss Salvatore "Sammy the Bull" Gravano , described "Chin's" power in the Genovese clan and the "Commission , " organized crime's ruling directorate . The trial was a spectacle , with Gigante in a wheelchair , mumbling silently , seemingly oblivious to the proceedings . His lawyers claimed they could not communicate in any "meaningful way" with a client who didn't know where he was , or why . At one point the trial turned into a "battle of the wheelchairs , " with testimony from Peter Chiodo , a 300 - plus - pound mobster who had survived a ganglaand execution only because his fat stopped a dozen bullets . None of that swayed jurors , who convicted Gigante of racketeering , extortion and plotting the murder - never carried out - of ex - mob associate Peter Savino . "Defendant has been consistently feigning insanity for many years and is still doing so in a shrewd attempt to avoid punishment for his crimes , " U . S . District Judge Jack B . Weinstein said in sentencing Gigante to 12 years in prison . "He is a shadow of his former self - an old man finally brought to bay in his declining years after decades of vicious criminal tyranny . " The verdict was a major blow to a Mafia already reeling from defections and convictions under the federal racketeering statute . Although Gigante allegedly ran the family from prison , the Genovese clan joined the city's four other mob families in disarray after he was jailed . Lawyer Michael Marinaccio , who led Gigante's defense team , said Monday that "putting aside the mental stuff , " Gigante had suffered from "a multitude of medical issues relating to the heart , " and had undergone open heart surgery twice , in 1988 and 1996 . Recently when he complained of breathing difficulties , his family obtained a court order to have him treated at a hospital outside the prison until about two weeks ago , Marinaccio said in a telephone interview . "Vincent was very frail , and I have to say the prison medical care was substandard , no matter where he was , " Marinaccio said . "The family is very close , they made regular visits , and I feel especially bad for them , " he added . Born in the Bronx in 1928 , one of five sons of Italian immigrant parents , Gigante was nicknamed "Chin" - short for "Vincenzo" - by his mother . He became a small - time boxer and drifted into the crime family founded in 1931 by legendary gangster Charles "Lucky" Luciano . In 1957 , Gigante was the hitman in a botched attempt to assassinate then - boss Frank Costello . After refusing to name his attacker in court , the shaken Costello retired , making Gigante's patron , Vito Genovese , kingpin of the family that still bears his name . Over time , Gigante proved better at beating the law than Gotti , the so - called "Teflon Don" who won two acquittals before tapes and turncoats sent him to prison for life . Prior to 1997 , Gigante had served only a five - year heroin rap in 1959 . As boss , Gigante's watchword was secrecy . A sign at his headquarters warned , "Don't talk . This place is bugged . " He held Commission meetings in his mother's apartment house . Fellow mobsters , ordered never to say his name in public , referred to him by stroking their chins . He also turned his claim of mental illness - first used to escape trial in a 1970 police - bribery case - into a full - time strategy , behaving weirdly in public , checking into psychiatric treatment clinics whenever the FBI turned up the heat . There were comic - opera moments : Once , agents serving a subpoena found Gigante standing naked in the shower , holding an umbrella . Another time , upon spotting agents watching him , he fell to the sidewalk and prayed . Such maneuvers paid off . In 1985 a federal crackdown on the Commission indicted 12 top hoodlums - but not Gigante , who some experts said was the actual leader . Yet even "Chin's" ruses were not always airtight ; some mob cronies slipped up , and the FBI eventually obtained tapes of Gigante acting normally in private . Later , prison psychologists also said he appeared rational at times . Gigante had eight children by his wife and a mistress , both named Olympia . Relatives , led by Rev . Louis Gigante , his priest - brother and most ardent defender , filled three rows at the 1997 trial . Louis Gigante was in court when his brother finally admitted to faking his illness .

