27_10ecb.xml
Microsoft Releases Critical Patch For IE Zero Day Flaw Microsoft ( NSDQ : MSFT ) issued an out-of-band emergency patch Wednesday for a zero-day Internet Explorer vulnerability that has opened the door for hackers to install malware on susceptible computers without any user intervention . The flaw , which is given the highest severity rating of critical , affects all versions of Microsoft 's IE Web browser . Specifically , Microsoft 's IE update affects versions of Windows 2000 for IE 5.01 : XP , XP Professional , Server 2003 for IE 6 ; and XP , Server 2003 , Vista , Server 2008 for IE 7 . The vulnerability was reported after the release of Windows IE 8 Beta 2 , but Microsoft still recommends in its advisory that users apply the patch . The IE security problem is the result of a fundamental flaw in the browser 's data binding function , which ultimately leaves a hole in the memory space that can be accessed by remote hackers . Internet Explorer can then quit unexpectedly while in an exploitable state . Unlike other exploits , users have only to visit a malicious site infused with Trojans or other malware in order to become infected . Hackers can also entice victims to visit a specially crafted site , usually via some kind of phishing or social engineering scheme , or place infected banner ads on legitimate Web sites . Once users open an infected Web page , malicious downloaders are then installed on their computers , which are designed to record keystrokes and steal passwords , credit card numbers , or other financial information . The users ' computer could also become part of a botnet , an infected network of compromised computers , operated by a central command and control center . Security researchers first saw evidence of attacks exploiting the IE vulnerability last week , shortly following Microsoft 's `` Patch Tuesday '' monthly security bulletin release Dec. 9 . Since then , researchers have seen active exploitation rapidly spread in the wild . While exact numbers of victims are difficult to precisely calculate , the number of infected computers could potentially affect hundreds of thousands or millions of computers , experts say . `` There 're people constantly looking at the code , trying to find issues like ( the IE vulnerability ) , '' said Dave Marcus , security research and communications manager for McAfee . `` It gets posted to the Internet very quickly . '' McAfee Avert Labs researchers reported variants of the IE exploit that attempt to infect users via an ActiveX control that stores the malicious exploit code , stealthily running in the background of a Microsoft Word document . Malware is then installed on the vulnerable computer once users open up a Word document -- all without their knowledge or permission . `` We 've seen some pretty clever ways of people trying to take advantage of this , '' said Marcus . `` It just speaks to the fact that they look for clever , very unique ways to get malware onto your system . '' Security experts strongly recommend that users apply Microsoft 's latest IE patch as soon as possible , which can be downloaded from the Microsoft Web site .

27_10ecbplus.xml
http : news . softpedia . com news Microsoft - Launches - Emergency - Patch - for - Internet - Explorer - 383865 . shtml September 18th , 2013 , 05 : 31 GMT Microsoft Launches Emergency Patch for Internet Explorer Microsoft has just released a new security update for Internet Explorer in order to patch a flaw affecting all versions of the company ’ s in - house browser , including IE11 on Windows 8 . 1 RTM . While Microsoft claims that it has received reports of attacks aimed at Internet Explorer 8 and 9 , it appears that the security flaw affects all the other versions of the browser . According to the company , the issue would allow remote code execution , which means that an attacker could get access to an unpatched system by directing users to a compromised website . “ This issue could allow remote code execution if an affected system browses to a website containing malicious content directed towards the specific browser type . This would typically occur when an attacker compromises the security of trusted websites regularly frequented , or convinces someone to click on a link in an email or instant message , ” the company explained . The Fix It tool released by Microsoft can be used for IE6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , and 11 on Windows XP , Vista , 7 , 8 , and 8 . 1 , both Preview and RTM . 32 - and 64 - bit versions of the operating systems are all included in the security advisory . In addition , the tech giant recommends users to set Internet and local intranet security zone settings to “ High ” in order to block ActiveX Controls and Active Scripting in these zones . “ This will help prevent exploitation but may affect usability ; therefore , trusted sites should be added to the Internet Explorer Trusted Sites zone to minimize disruption , ” Microsoft said . At the same time , the Softies suggest that it would be a good idea to configure Internet Explorer to prompt before running Active Scripting or to disable Active Scripting completely in the Internet and local intranet security zones , just to be sure that everyone is on the safe side and no successful attacks are possible .

27_11ecb.xml
Microsoft releases emergency patch for IE Microsoft on Wednesday released an emergency patch to fix a perilous software flaw allowing hackers to hijack Internet Explorer browsers and take over computers . The US software giant said security update MS08-078 addresses a vulnerability cyber-criminals can exploit to their advantage . `` Microsoft encourages all IE customers to test and deploy this update as soon as possible , '' said Microsoft security response communications head Christopher Budd . The threat led Microsoft to mobilize security engineering teams worldwide to deliver a software cure `` in the unprecedented time of eight days . '' According to researchers at software security firm Trend Micro , attacks based on the vulnerability in the world 's most popular Web browser were spreading `` like wildfire '' with millions of computers already compromised . Microsoft typically releases patches for its software on the second Tuesday of each month and rushing this fix to computer users out-of-cycle is testimony to the severe danger of the threat , according to Trend Micro . `` People should run , not walk , to get it installed , '' said Trend Micro advanced threat researcher Paul Ferguson . `` This vulnerability is being actively exploited by cyber-criminals and getting worse every day . '' The IE software patch will be automatically applied to hundreds of millions of personal computers due to standard update settings in the machines , according to Microsoft Security Response Alliance director Mike Reavey . Wednesday morning , business networks using IE began getting the critical fix through routine patching processes . Reavey said Microsoft went into `` emergency response '' mode on December 9 after it first learned of the attacks on IE browsers . A day later , Microsoft published a security advisory that `` listed workarounds that blocked all known attacks . '' `` Over the course of the next eight days , this advisory was updated five times , adding newer workarounds and mitigations , '' Reavey said . `` We also continually monitored the threat environment , noting when the attacks began to change in nature and scope . '' Trend Micro has identified about 10,000 websites that have been infected with malicious software that can be surreptitiously slipped into visitors ' unprotected IE browsers to take advantage of the flaw . A major Internet portal in Taiwan is among the legitimate websites unknowingly tainted with malicious software aimed at IE 's weak spot , according to Ferguson . Hackers can take control of infected computers , steal data , redirect browsers to dubious websites , and use machines for devious activities such as attacks on other networks , according to security specialists . `` What makes this so insidious is it takes advantage of a big gaping hole of IE , which has the largest install base of any browser on the market , '' Ferguson said . IE is used on nearly three-quarters of the world 's computers , according to industry statistics from November . Reavey said the patch consists of more than 300 distinct updates for more than half-a-dozen versions of IE in scores of languages . Analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group in Silicon Valley said it was `` amazing '' that Microsoft was able to turn out a complex critical fix in a week when such jobs typically can take a month or longer of intense work . `` Even with that , the release Emergency Response process is n't over , '' Reavey said . `` There is additional support to customers and additional refinement of our product development efforts . '' Trend Micro urges IE users to heed precautionary advice from Microsoft , or avoid using the browsers , until the patches are applied . The `` exploit '' is similar to one used recently to steal user names , passwords and other information from people playing online games in China , according to Trend Micro .

27_11ecbplus.xml
http : articles . timesofindia . indiatimes . com 2013 - 09 - 18 internet 42182019 _ 1 _ microsoft - issues - security - flaw - internet - explorer Microsoft releases security patch for Internet Explorer Reuters Sep 18 , 2013 , 02 . 16PM IST Microsoft released an emergency software fix for Internet Explorer on Tuesday after hackers exploited a security flaw in the popular Web browser to attack an unknown number of users . The software maker said on its website it released the software , known as a "Fix It , " as an emergency measure to protect customers after learning about "extremely limited , targeted attacks" that made use of the newly discovered bug . Microsoft said the attacks took advantage of an undiscovered flaw , or "zero day" vulnerability in industry parlance . State - sponsored hacking groups are often willing to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars for zero - day vulnerabilities in widely used software such as Internet Explorer , according to security experts who track that market . They typically use them on small numbers of carefully selected , high - value targets , to keep such flaws secret . Once Microsoft issues a warning about a zero - day bug , other groups of hackers involved in massive cyber - crime operations , such as identity theft , rush to reverse - engineer the Fix Its so they can build computer viruses that also exploit the same vulnerabilities . Security experts said Internet Explorer users should either immediately install the Fix It or stop using the browser until Microsoft can put out an update , which will be automatically installed through its Windows Update program . "With the Fix It out , I'm sure any attacker who is a bit sophisticated can figure out what the flaw is and implement a similar exploit in their own attack toolkit , " said Wolfgang Kandek , chief technology officer with the cybersecurity firm Qualys Inc . "Fix Its" are pieces of software for remediating security flaws that must be downloaded and installed on PCs . They are designed to protect customers while Microsoft prepares official updates , automatically delivered via the Internet to be installed on computers . Kandek said he expects Microsoft to push out an update to address the issue within two to three weeks . The Fix It can be installed by clicking on a link this page on Microsoft's support site

27_12ecb.xml
Microsoft releases emergency patch for IE Microsoft has released an emergency patch to fix a software flaw that allows hackers to get into Internet Explorer browsers and take over computers . The head of Microsoft 's security response team says all users of Internet Explorer should test and install the update as soon as possible . Experts say without the emergency patch , the flaw could allow criminals to take control of computers and steal users ' passwords even when they are not downloading material . Microsoft says less than 1 per cent of Australian PC users have been affected by the problem .

27_13ecb.xml
Microsoft Issues Emergency Patch to Curb Password-Stealing Hackers Microsoft today issued an emergency update to plug a critical security hole present in all versions of its Internet Explorer Web browser , a flaw that hackers have been leveraging to steal data from millions of Windows users . The patch , which Microsoft dubbed MS08-078 , fixes a security vulnerability that Microsoft says already has been used to attack more than 2 million Windows users . As Security Fix and other members of the tech community have chronicled , attackers have been busy compromising thousands of Web sites by seeding them with code that installs password-stealing software on computer systems of Web site visitors who use Internet Explorer . Microsoft estimated Monday that one in every 500 Windows users had been exposed to sites that try to exploit the flaw . Additionally , it said the number of victims was increasing at a rate of 50 percent daily . Vulnerability management company nCircle said Microsoft 's decision to issue the patch outside of its normal Patch Tuesday ( second Tuesday of each month ) cycle is wise , given the current exploitation of the flaw and because instructions for exploiting the flaw are now available online . `` Given the ongoing attacks for this bug and because the technical details have been available to the public for over a week , this is clearly a high risk client side vulnerability that everyone should patch now , '' said Andrew Storms , director of security for nCircle . This is an urgent update . If you use Windows , apply this patch now . Windows users can download the fix at Windows Update , or by enabling Automatic Updates .

27_14ecb.xml
With Web attacks increasing , Microsoft fixes IE bug Security experts say that Web surfers should immediately install a new bug-fix for Microsoft 's Internet Explorer browser , released Wednesday morning . The flaw , which was accidentally made public by Chinese security researchers just over a week ago , has been used in a growing number of Web-based attacks over the past few days . Criminals have posted attack code that exploits this flaw on thousands of Web sites so far , according to Rick Howard , intelligence director with Verisign 's iDefense group . Verisign has now seen six variants of the attack software , all of which attempt to steal Chinese online gaming credentials . Often the attack is launched through a hidden iFrame component that is surreptitiously put on a Web site . Verisign has even spotted one such iFrame attack on a legitimate financial institution 's Web site , Howard said . `` The volume of iFrames deploying this thing is really high . '' The flaw lies in the way Internet Explorer 's data-binding function works , Microsoft said . When the browser is attacked it will crash , corrupting the computer 's memory and allowing the criminal to run unauthorized software . View more related contentView all related articles Because Internet Explorer is used by about 70 percent of Web surfers , this attack code will probably show up in widely used malicious software toolkits `` very shortly , '' Howard said . Other security companies agreed with Verisign 's assessment . `` Microsoft 's latest IE out-of-band patch release needs to be installed right away , '' said Shavlik Technologies in a statement . `` The number of infected Web sites is growing at an alarming rate -- even people visiting legitimate Web sites are getting hacked with this exploit . '' The flaw is so serious , in fact , that Microsoft took the unusual step of issuing its security fix weeks ahead of schedule . Typically Microsoft releases security patches just once a month in order to simplify the lives of system administrators . Its next set of updates is due Jan. 13 . Criminals could also launch their attacks via e-mail , by sending victims maliciously encoded HTML documents , although this type of attack has not been reported . Microsoft 's patch is for users of IE version 5 and up .

27_15ecb.xml
Microsoft releases patch for critical IE security flaw Microsoft released a critical security patch on Wednesday to plug vulnerabilities in Internet Explorer , a move that comes amid malicious attackers taking advantage of the security flaws . The patch is designed to prevent attackers from downloading malware onto users ' computers if they visit a malicious Web site , or a legitimate Web site that has been infected . This zero-day exploit has been in circulation since the first week of December and potentially could have infected a wide swath of users . The vulnerabilities are found in not only IE 7 , Microsoft 's latest browser , but also Internet Explorer 5.01 , Internet Explorer 6 , and Internet Explorer 6 Service Pack 1 .

27_16ecb.xml
Microsoft Releases Critical Internet Explorer Patch The out-of-band security update fixes a JavaScript-related vulnerability that 's being actively exploited through hacked Web sites . Microsoft ( NSDQ : MSFT ) has released an out-of-band security update , MS08-078 , to fix a vulnerability in its Internet Explorer Web browser that 's being actively exploited . `` At this time , we are aware only of attacks that attempt to use this vulnerability against Windows Internet Explorer 7 , '' said Christopher Budd , Microsoft security response communications lead , in an e-mailed statement . `` Our investigation of these attacks so far has verified that they are not successful against customers who have applied the security update . MS08-078 has a maximum severity rating of Critical for all versions of Internet Explorer . '' On the heels of the Yahoo deal that fell apart V 2 , comeback CEO Jerry Yang was skewered by the able hands of Web 2.0 Summit host John Battelle . Paul Martino , CEO of Aggregate Knowledge , talks about the company 's `` online discovery '' tool , which essentially looks across hundreds of millions of Web sites and recommends content , products , and services to users in real time . Mashmaker allows developers to add a bit of JavaScript to any page and have that page automatically populated with appropriate widgets , making the page more useful for site visitors . Nonetheless , Microsoft lists Internet Explorer 5.01 , 6 , and 7 as affected software in its Security Bulletin . It also says separately , in the FAQ section , that Internet Explorer 8 Beta 2 is affected . The vulnerability can be exploited through JavaScript code posted on malicious Web sites . Internet Explorer users may be redirected to these sites through hacked legitimate sites . If the malicious code is successful , it silently downloads malware onto the victim 's computer . Microsoft typically releases software patches , referred to as Security Bulletins , on the second Tuesday of every month . When critical vulnerabilities emerge and are actively exploited , Microsoft often issues a patch as soon as it 's ready . The last such out-of-band patch , Microsoft Security Bulletin MS08-067 , was released on Oct. 23 . It addressed a vulnerability in Windows Server service that affected all currently supported versions of Windows . That vulnerability allowed an attacker to take over affected computers remotely . When Microsoft issued its out-of-band patch in October , it cited the vulnerability 's potential `` wormability '' -- meaning the hole could be exploited on a massive scale using self-copying malware -- as a reason for its action . But MS08-078 is n't wormable . `` That shows that the wormability of a vulnerability is no longer a good indicator of the seriousness of a threat and that these Web-based threats are now much more dangerous than network worms , '' said Roel Schouwenberg , senior antivirus researcher for Kaspersky Lab , Americas , in an e-mailed statement . Indeed , Microsoft security researchers estimated that as many as 1 in 500 users of Internet Explorer could have been exposed to malware attempting to exploit the flaw . `` The browser flaw had been disclosed roughly one week ago as a zero-day vulnerability , and active exploits have been around the Internet for that timeframe as well , '' Qualys CTO Wolfgang Kandek said in an e-mailed statement . `` The workarounds provided by Microsoft were very technical and quite cumbersome to implement , making it imperative for Microsoft to release a fix as quickly as possible . '' Kandek suggests that Microsoft is at a disadvantage in updating Internet Explorer because its browser does n't have a built-in update mechanism like other browser makers . Mozilla , for instance , just released Firefox 3.05 to Firefox users through its auto-update system . Microsoft is urging users of IE to test and deploy this update as soon as possible .

27_17ecb.xml
Microsoft releases emergency patch for Web browser Microsoft was to release an emergency patch yesterday to fix a perilous software flaw allowing hackers to hijack Internet Explorer ( IE ) browsers and take over computers . The US software giant said on Tuesday that in response to `` the threat to customers '' it immediately mobilized security engineering teams worldwide to deliver a software cure `` in the unprecedented time of eight days . '' Researchers at software security firm Trend Micro say attacks based on the vulnerability in the world 's most popular Web browser are `` spreading like wildfire '' with millions of computers already compromised . Microsoft typically releases patches for its software on the second on Tuesday of each month and rushing this fix to computer users out-of-cycle is testimony to the severe danger of the threat , according to Trend Micro . `` When the patch is released people should run , not walk , to get it installed , '' said Trend Micro advanced threat researcher Paul Ferguson . `` This vulnerability is being actively exploited by cyber-criminals and getting worse every day , '' he said . Trend Micro has identified about 10,000 Web sites that have been infected with malicious software that can be surreptitiously slipped into visitors ' unprotected IE browsers to take advantage of the flaw . `` What makes this so insidious it takes advantage of a big gaping hole of IE , which has the largest install base of any browser on the market , '' Ferguson said . IE is used on nearly three-quarters of the world 's computers , industry statistics from last month showed . Microsoft 's move came one day after Cisco issued a report saying armies of hijacked computers are flooding the world with spam as hackers devise slicker ways to take over unwitting people 's machines . Virus-infected computers are woven into `` botnets '' used to attack more machines and to send specious sales pitches to e-mail addresses in low-cost quests to bilk readers out of cash . `` Every year we see threats evolve as criminals discover new ways to exploit people , networks and the Internet , '' Cisco chief security researcher Patrick Peterson said . This year , botnets were used to inject an array of legitimate Web sites with an IFrames malicious code that reroutes visitors to Web sites that download computer viruses into their machines , Cisco said .

27_1ecb.xml
Internet Explorer issue 'fixed ' , say Microsoft Microsoft has said that an emergency security update has fixed a flaw in Internet Explorer that left millions of computers vulnerable to hacking and hijack . The software patch , which was released last night , has closed a loophole that has seen the computers of at least two million users hacked by cyber criminals . The problem related to a `` zero day '' flaw that tricked people into visiting an infected website , enabling hackers to gain access to online banking passwords and e-shopping logon details . `` Microsoft has released a security update for Internet Explorer that will help protect its customers from malicious attacks , '' said the company in a statement . `` Like a vaccine developed to fight a virus , this 'security update ' will protect computers only if it is installed . '' Computers that are set to automatically update and install software will already be protected by the patch . Those users who manage their own updates are advised to download the fix as soon as possible from the Microsoft website . `` When the patch is released , people should run , not walk , to get it installed , '' said Paul Ferguson , a researcher with Trend Micro . `` This vulnerability is being actively exploited by cyber criminals and getting worse every day . '' It is thought that the security flaw , which came to light earlier this week , was exposed by accident , after a Chinese security firm , Knowsec , released details of the loophole believing Microsoft had already issued a software fix to resolve it . However , technology experts have warned that malware authors , who write the viruses and code that exploits security vulnerabilities , are already working on ways to get around the software update . `` We are seeing customised versions of the IE 7 exploit with varying degrees of obfuscation , '' wrote McAfee security expert Rahul Mohandas on the company blog . `` Malware authors have been coming up with innovative mechanisms to leverage this exploit to social engineer the not so tech-savvy internet users . ''

27_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news technology - 24142934 18 September 2013 Last updated at 13 : 59 GMT Microsoft releases fix for 'zero - day' IE browser bug Microsoft has released a temporary patch to fix a "zero - day" , or previously unknown , vulnerability in its Internet Explorer ( IE ) web browser . The software giant said the bug , which relates to the browser's memory , could affect all versions of IE6 to 10 . Attackers could set up websites specifically designed to exploit the vulnerability , Microsoft said , and then run malicious code on users' computers . Targeted attacks directed at IE8 and 9 had already been reported , it said . "This is a serious vulnerability potentially affecting millions of Windows computers , " Dana Tamir , director at security company Trusteer , told the BBC . "Hackers are already exploiting this so I hope Microsoft produces a full patch within a few days , " she said . In a blog post , Microsoft's Dustin Childs advised concerned users to set internet and local security zone settings to "high" to block ActiveX controls and active scripting . He also recommended changing IE settings to prompt users before running active scripting . But doing this "may affect usability" , he said , so users should add sites they trust , and visit often , to the IE trusted sites zone . Microsoft's Fix It patch applies only to 32 - bit versions of IE . It is not being rolled out automatically and is not intended to be a replacement for scheduled security updates , the company said . "This temporary workaround is like applying a Band - Aid to a wound , " said Ms Tamir . Last week , Microsoft admitted that it had been forced to rewrite four of its security updates just three days after they had been issued . Customers had reported receiving repeated demands to install the updates even after they had already done so .

27_2ecb.xml
Microsoft Patches IE , But Security Issues Remain As usual , the bad guys are ahead in the tug-of-war over security . Microsoft today released a patch for the latest Internet Explorer ( IE ) browser vulnerability that has been in the news since last week . However , malware authors have already begun pushing out customized variants of the flaw that the Microsoft patch may not address . The vulnerability , rooted in IE 's XML parser , lets attackers execute code on their victims ' PCs . By Saturday , at least 6,000 Web sites had been infected and the number is growing though ascertaining the exact number is difficult . However , security experts say things will get much worse , even if users follow Microsoft 's ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) advice to install the patch immediately . Currently attacks have only targeted IE 7 , Christopher Budd , security response communications lead at Microsoft , said in a statement . They have not been successful against systems where the patch has been applied , according to Budd . Microsoft is hosting two Webcasts to address customer questions about the security bulletin . The first was set for 1 p.m. PDT today and 11 a.m. PDT tomorrow in the U.S. and Canada . The Webcast will be available on demand after that . According to researcher Rahul Mohandas on the McAfee ( NYSE : MFE ) Avert Labs blog , malware authors have already begun issuing customized version of the IE exploit with various degrees of stealth . One of the most prominent techniques is where the attacker sends victims a Microsoft Word document by e-mail that contains an embedded ActiveX control triggered when the document is opened . This exploit was listed as one of the SysAdmin , Audit , Network , Security ( SANS ) Institute 's top 20 security risks in 2007 . Victims of the latest exploit are hit by drive-by injection attacks , where they go to a compromised Web site that automatically downloads malicious code onto their Web site . Malware authors have come up with a new twist on this , Dave Marcus , security research and communications director at McAfee Labs , told InternetNews.com . They plant an IFrame onto a legitimate site and the IFrame redirects unsuspecting visitors to the site hosting the malicious code . An IFrame is an HTML element that lets users embed an HTML document inside another HTML document . The CBS ( NYSE : CBS ) TV network site was hit by an IFrame attack on November 11 that saw visitors redirected to a server in Russia , according to security company Finjan 's MCRC blog on November 27 . `` We 've seen an awful lot of sites that have been compromised with the IFrame on them , '' Marcus said . `` It 's a very Web 2.0 way of spreading malware . ''

27_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . bit - tech . net news bits 2013 09 18 ms - ie - patch 1 Microsoft releases out - of - cycle patch for IE flaw Published on 18th September 2013 Microsoft's bad September continues to grow worse , with the company being forced to issue an out - of - cycle patch for a zero - day vulnerability in its Internet Explorer web browser . Microsoft's September got off to a bad start when the company issued a raft of faulty updates as part of its monthly Patch Tuesday release cycle . While the issues have now been resolved , the company was forced to remove and re - release a total of ten patches - making it the worst Patch Tuesday in a six - month run that has seen only a single month go by without a show - stopping fault resulting in patches being reissued following customer complaints . Today's admission from the company isn't going to do much to salve its public image , either : Microsoft has confirmed that a flaw in its Internet Explorer web browser is being actively exploited in targeted attacks , and considers the issue serious enough to release an out - of - cycle fix ahead of next month's Patch Tuesday . The update , which is only available for manual installation and will not be published through Windows Update , is a work - around rather than a true fix for a pretty serious flaw in Microsoft's MSHTML Shim component - which had already been targeted in prior attacks at the start of the year . 'This issue could allow remote code execution if an affected system browses to a website containing malicious content directed towards the specific browser type , ' explained Microsoft's Dustin Childs in an alert to the security community . 'This would typically occur when an attacker compromises the security of trusted websites regularly frequented , or convinces someone to click on a link in an email or instant message . Running modern versions of Internet Explorer ensures that customers receive the benefit of additional security features that can help prevent successful attacks , ' he added - but while the current targeted attacks are only being pointed at the outdated Internet Explorer 8 and Internet Explorer 9 releases , it is thought the flaw could exist across all versions of IE . For those who use Internet Explorer , Microsoft's advice is to install the out - of - cycle Fix - It patch to work around the issue until a proper solution can be found . The patch applies to all version of Internet Explorer from IE 6 through to the latest IE 11 , although is only designed to resolve the issue with the 32 - bit version - the 64 - bit version , it would seem , being better protected against the vulnerability . With Microsoft's recent track record for patches causing problems worse than they solve , however , users would be well advised to test the patch on a virtual machine or similar throw - away system before rolling it out on a wider scale .

27_3ecb.xml
Critical IE patch now available : go get it ! In Thursday 's IT Blogwatch , Richi Jennings watches bloggers watch Microsoft 's latest out-of-cycle , critical patch for Internet Explorer . Not to mention portability , 1980 's style ... As it promised [ Tuesday ] , Microsoft Corp. today issued an emergency patch to plug a critical hole in Internet Explorer ( IE ) that attackers have been increasingly exploiting from hacked Web sites . The patch , described in Microsoft 's security bulletin MS08-078 , fixes a flaw in the data-binding function of all available versions of the popular browser , including IE5.01 , IE6 , IE7 and IE8 Beta 2 . Microsoft labeled the bug as `` critical , '' the most serious threat ranking in its four-step scoring system . According to both Microsoft and numerous security firms , attacks have been mounting , particularly since last weekend , when hackers began hijacking legitimate Web sites and launching exploits against unwary visitors . In fact , Microsoft said it monitored a `` huge increase '' in attacks last Saturday . The number of infected Web sites , many of them legitimate , has grown at `` an alarming '' rate since the vulnerability was released into the wild and people need to do nothing but visit an infected site with a vulnerable browser to be affected . By Friday , Microsoft was aware users were becoming infected at a rate even faster than previous zero-day exploits . Originally porn sites seemed to be the carriers , but the number of legit sites causing infections was skyrocketing . Hackers were planting the exploit using well-known SQL injection techniques . It is users ' turn to protect themselves by installing this emergency patch and all all the others , and fast . Since the bad guys were exploiting it before Microsoft knew it existed , the exploit is termed `` zero day '' because that is how much notice Microsoft got of the problem . It is also termed an `` drive-by '' exploit since a user could pick up a malware infestation by merely using IE to browse any of thousands of compromised websites . In short , it was really nasty stuff . Brian Krebs sounds worried: Microsoft estimated Monday that one in every 500 Windows users had been exposed to sites that try to exploit the flaw . Additionally , it said the number of victims was increasing at a rate of 50 percent daily . This is an urgent update . If you use Windows , apply this patch now . Microsoft 's Mike Reavey grabs the mic: This update will be applied automatically to hundreds of millions of customers through automatic updates over the next few days . And , for our enterprise customers - with multiple systems within their networks - this update can be deployed through all standard security update management systems including , SCCM , SMS , WSUS , and Windows Update This update meets the quality , deployment and application compatibility criteria . It is a high-quality update , ready for broad release , and we encourage customers to test and deploy this update as quickly as possible . We were able to share detailed information with our partners in the Microsoft Active Protections Program ( MAPP ) and Microsoft Security Response Alliance ( MSRA ) , allowing protections to be created for over 24 different security partners ' products . This is further validation of our commitment to 'community based defense ' and means customers that ... were n't even using Microsoft products , were also protected from known attacks . Ed Oswald is impressed by Microsoft 's speed: Well , that was quick . It 's pretty bad when security experts are telling your customers to switch . These are unbiased ( for the most part ) folks , and the typical computer user is going to take their advice seriously . But Tiny Dancer ... well , not so much: Eight days is rather shamefully long to have to wait for a potentially devastating vulnerability to be fixed . This ai n't Hanukkah , Microsoft , and you ai n't no Maccabee .

27_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . computerworld . com s article 9242469 Hackers _ exploit _ critical _ IE _ bug _ Microsoft _ promises _ patch Hackers exploit critical IE bug ; Microsoft promises patch IE6 through IE11 harbor vulnerability , but in - the - wild attacks limited to IE8 and IE9 September 17 , 2013 03 : 16 PM ET Computerworld - Microsoft today said that hackers are exploiting a critical , but unpatched , vulnerability in Internet Explorer 8 ( IE8 ) and Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) , and that its engineers are working on an update to plug the hole . As it often does , the company downplayed the threat . "There are only reports of a limited number of targeted attacks specifically directed at Internet Explorer 8 and 9 , although the issue could potentially affect all supported versions , " Dustin Childs , a manager in the Trustworthy Computing group and its usual spokesman , said in a blog post Tuesday morning . "We are actively working to develop a security update to address this issue , " Childs added . According to Childs and the security advisory Microsoft also published today , the vulnerability affects all supported versions of IE , from the 12 - year - old IE6 to the not - yet - officially - released IE11 , the browser that will accompany Windows 8 . 1 when it ships Oct . 18 . "There is no escaping this one , " said Andrew Storms , director of DevOps at cloud security vendor CloudPassage , referring to the bug affecting all versions of Microsoft's browser . "IE zero - days are never a good thing , especially when they affect every version , " Storms added . Although Microsoft's advisory did not put it in these terms , the vulnerability can be exploited using classic "drive - by" attack tactics . That means hackers need only lure victims running IE to malicious sites - - or legitimate websites that have previously been compromised and loaded with attack code - - to hijack their browser and plant malware on their Windows PCs . Until Microsoft produces a patch , the company offered customers several options to protect themselves , including advice on configuring EMET 4 . 0 and running one of its "Fixit" automated tools to "shim" the DLL that contains the IE rendering engine . EMET ( Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit ) is a tool designed for advanced users , primarily enterprise IT professionals , that manually enables anti - exploit technologies such as ASLR ( address space layout randomization ) and DEP ( data execution prevention ) for specific applications . But the Fixit route will be easiest for individual users : Microsoft's posted a link to the Fixit tool on its support site , and customers need only click the icon marked "Enable . " Microsoft has used the shim approach before when faced with unexpected attacks against IE . Based on past practice , Microsoft's Fixit workaround probably uses the Application Compatibility Toolkit to modify the core library of IE - - a DLL ( dynamic link library ) named "Mshtml . dll" that contains the browser's rendering engine - - in memory each time IE runs . The shim does not quash the bug , but instead makes the browser immune to the attacks Microsoft's seen in the wild thus far . Users can also temporarily ditch IE for an alternate browser , such as Google's Chrome or Mozilla's Firefox , to stay safe until Microsoft comes up with a permanent fix . Microsoft today declined say when it plans to patch the IE vulnerability . But because the next regularly - scheduled Patch Tuesday is three weeks away , it's possible the Redmond , Wash . company's security team will deliver a so - called "out - of - band" update before Oct . 9 . Out - of - band updates from Microsoft are rare : The last one it shipped was MS13 - 008 , an the emergency patch issued Jan . 14 that plugged a hole in IE6 , IE7 and IE8 that had been exploited since early December 2012 .

27_4ecb.xml
Microsoft releases security update for Internet Explorer Microsoft has released an emergency security update to fix the vulnerability in Internet Explorer that has seen the computers of at least two million users hacked . The `` zero day '' flaw allows hackers to gain access to the computers of visitors to infected websites , jeopardising the security of passwords , bank details and other personal information . It is believed that as many as 233,000 web pages have been affected . Microsoft says its `` critical '' update will protect users . Christopher Budd , of the software giant 's security centre , said the company `` encourages all Internet Explorer customers to test and deploy this update as soon as possible '' . Mike Reavey , also from the security centre , said : `` Even with that , the release Emergency Response process is n't over . There is additional support to customers and additional refinement of our product development efforts . '' Microsoft has said that the flaw has been proven to exist only in version 7 of Internet Explorer , but that version 6 and the `` beta '' release of version 8 are also `` potentially vulnerable '' . It has estimated that one in every 500 Windows users has been exposed to websites that attempt to exploit the flaw , and that the number of victims was increasing by 50 per cent every day . Paul Ferguson , a researcher from the software security company Trend Micro , told the BBC that attacks were spreading `` like wildfire '' . `` This vulnerability is being actively exploited by cyber-criminals and getting worse every day , '' Mr Ferguson said .

27_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . crn . com news security 240161442 microsoft - rushes - emergency - fix - to - address - internet - explorer - attacks . htm Microsoft Rushes Emergency Fix To Address Internet Explorer Attacks September 17 , 2013 4 : 16 PM ET Microsoft has rushed out a temporary fix to address ongoing attacks targeting an Internet Explorer zero - day vulnerability . The software giant said the Fix - It temporary workaround should be effective in preventing a successful attack . The company said the vulnerability impacts all currently supported versions of the browser , but attacks have been limited to users of Internet Explorer 8 and Internet Explorer 9 . "On completion of this investigation , Microsoft will take the appropriate action to protect our customers , which may include providing a solution through our monthly security update release process , or an out - of - cycle security update , depending on customer needs , " the company said in a security advisory issued Tuesday . "In addition , we are actively working with partners to monitor the threat landscape and take action against malicious sites that attempt to exploit this vulnerability . " The fact that Microsoft is rushing out a patch so quickly indicates the threat is serious , said Paul Henry , security and forensic analyst at Lumension . Cybercriminals can set up drive - by attack campaigns or lure victims to a website hosting malware that targets the coding error . "This seems to be perfectly positioned for drive - by malware using compromised websites , " Henry told CRN . "Since these are targeted attacks , someone is restricting use of it ; they don't want information about this out in the wild because they want to be able to profit from it or use it in nation - state attacks . " The attack is very targeted and limited to Japan , according to Wolfgang Kandek , chief technology officer of Qualys . "It might not affect you at the moment . But with the publication of the shim , other attackers can now analyze the condition fixed and will be able to produce an equivalent exploit fairly quickly , " Kandek wrote in a blog post about the issue . "We suggest applying the Fix - It as soon as possible if you use IE to access the Internet . " The flaw stems from an error in the way the browser accesses an object in memory that has been deleted or has not been properly allocated . The coding error results in memory corruption , giving an attacker the ability to execute code in the context of the current user within Internet Explorer , Microsoft said . As part of its September 2013 Patch Tuesday updates , Microsoft repaired 47 vulnerabilities , including 10 critical flaws in Internet Explorer .

27_5ecb.xml
Microsoft issues emergency patch for Internet Explorer Microsoft has issued an emergency patch for its Internet Explorer browser , aiming to fix a critical flaw that allowed hackers to take over computers merely by steering them to infected websites . Microsoft Wednesday took the rare step of issuing the patch after numerous security experts advised people to switch to rival browsers until Microsoft fixed the problem . Microsoft usually releases patches on a set schedule and this is only the third emergency patch in the last three years . The flaw has been in circulation since the first week of December . So far , more than two million computers are believed to have been infected , according to PC Magazine . The vulnerabilities are found on copies of Internet Explorer 7 , as well as IE6 and IE5 . The patch is designed to prevent attackers from downloading malware onto users ' computers if they visit a malicious Web site , or a legitimate Web site that has been infected .

27_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . hindustantimes . com technology PersonalTech - Updates Microsoft - issues - patch - to - fix - IE - bug SP - Article1 - 1124299 . aspx Microsoft issues patch to fix IE bug September 19 , 2013 Microsoft has reportedly issued a patch to fix a previously unknown vulnerability in its Internet Explorer ( IE ) web browser . The software manufacturer said that the bug , related to the browser's memory , could affect all versions of IE6 to 10 as hackers could set up websites to exploit the vulnerability and run malicious code on users' computers . According to the BBC , Microsoft's Dustin Childs advised users to set internet and local security zone settings to 'high' to block ActiveX controls and active scripting apart from adding sites they trust to the IE trusted sites zone . Microsoft's Fix It patch applies only to 32 - bit versions of IE and is not being rolled out automatically and it is not intended to be a replacement for scheduled security updates . Director at security company Trusteer , Dana Tamir said that the patch is a temporary workaround , like applying a Band - Aid to a wound . Users have complained that they were repeatedly receiving update installation messages even after they had already done so , the report added .

27_6ecb.xml
Microsoft Patches Major IE Bug In record time , Microsoft released today an `` out of band '' patch for a significant security flaw in Internet Explorer that burst onto the scene 8 days ago . We strongly recommend that all Windows users , especially Windows XP and Windows 2000 users , apply the patch as soon as possible . It is available on Windows Update and through Automatic Updates and by direct download through the security advisory for the vulnerability . Here is the description of the vulnerability that it presents: A remote code execution vulnerability exists as an invalid pointer reference in the data binding function of Internet Explorer . When data binding is enabled ( which is the default state ) , it is possible under certain conditions for an object to be released without updating the array length , leaving the potential to access the deleted object 's memory space . This can cause Internet Explorer to exit unexpectedly , in a state that is exploitable . That 's not quite enough to help you to write an exploit , but it 's a lot more detail than they usually release . Once again , run , do n't walk , to your vulnerable PCs and apply these updates .

27_6ecbplus.xml
http : krebsonsecurity . com 2013 09 microsoft - ie - zero - day - flaw - affects - all - versions Microsoft : IE Zero Day Flaw Affects All Versions Microsoft said today that attackers are exploiting a previously unknown , unpatched vulnerability in all supported versions of its Internet Explorer Web browser . The company said it is working on an official patch to plug the security hole , but in the meantime it has released a stopgap fix to help protect affected customers . Microsoft said it is aware of targeted attacks that attempt to exploit the vulnerability ( CVE - 2013 - 3893 ) in IE 8 and IE 9 versions of the default Windows browser . According to an advisory issued today , the flaw is a remote code bug , which means malware or miscreants could use it install malware just by coaxing IE users to browse a hacked or malicious Web site . The Fix It solution is available from this link . To apply it , click the Fix It icon above the Fix This Problem link . Applying this solution may limit some functionalities of IE , so if you run into problems after applying this interim patch , you can click the Fix It icon to the right of that “ enable ” button to reverse the update . Update : As several readers have already noted in the comments , this Fix It solution is for 32 - bit versions of IE only . In 64 - bit Windows , you can tell whether the browser you ’ re using is a 32 - bit or 64 - bit version by opening the Windows Task Manager ( Ctrl+Shift+Esc ) and clicking the Processes tab . The number that appears after the process name ( in this case , iexplore . exe ) indicates the version in use .

27_7ecb.xml
Microsoft issues patch to fix IE Microsoft has issued a security patch to fix a critical vulnerability in its Internet Explorer browser which it said has attacked over 2m Windows users . The flaw is believed to have already infected as many as 10,000 websites . The `` zero day '' exploit let criminals take over victims ' computers by steering them to infected websites . Microsoft 's Christopher Budd said the software giant `` encourages all IE customers to test and deploy this update as soon as possible '' . He also said the threat led Microsoft to mobilise security engineering teams worldwide to deliver a software cure `` in the unprecedented time of eight days '' . The company 's security response team said the patch consists of more than 300 distinct updates for more than half-a-dozen versions of IE in around 50 languages . `` Even with that , the release Emergency Response process is n't over , '' said Security Response Alliance director Mike Reavey . `` There is additional support to customers and additional refinement of our product development efforts . '' Microsoft stressed that the flaw was proven to exist only in IE 7 on all applicable versions of Windows , but that IE 6 and the `` beta '' release of IE 8 were `` potentially vulnerable '' . Users who have automatic updates turned on will receive the patch over the next 24 hours while others can access it via a download . The AZN Trojan has been making the rounds since the beginning of December but became public knowledge in the last week . Unlike other exploits , users only have to visit a malicious site with Trojans or other malware in order to become contaminated . Once an infected web page is opened , malicious downloaders are installed on the computer designed to record keystrokes and steal passwords , credit card details and other financial information . The sites affected are mostly Chinese and have been serving up programmes to steal passwords for computer games which can then be sold for cash on the black market . Internet Explorer is the world 's most widely used web browser with nearly three quarters of the market share . Microsoft estimated that one in every 500 Windows users had been exposed to sites that tried to exploit the flaw and the number of victims was increasing at a rate of 50 % daily . Researchers at the software security firm Trend Micro said attacks were spreading `` like wildfire '' . `` This vulnerability is being actively exploited by cyber-criminals and getting worse every day , '' said the company 's advanced threat researcher Paul Ferguson . Microsoft labelled the bug as `` critical , '' the most serious threat ranking in its four-step scoring programme . The update is something of an unusual move for Microsoft and underscores the seriousness of the zero day flaw . The company rarely issues security fixes for its software outside of its regular monthly patch updates . Meanwhile Mozilla has released a scheduled update for its open source Firefox web browsers for at least 10 different vulnerabilities . The bugs in the browser could have been `` used to run attacker code and install software , requiring no user interaction beyond normal browsing , '' said Mozilla . It is also reissuing calls for users to upgrade from Firefox 2.0 to Firefox 3.0 as soon as possible and said it is `` not planning any further security and stability updates for Firefox 2 '' . This means Mozilla will no longer support the Firefox 2 browser against future online scams and attacks .

27_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . mnn . com green - tech computers stories microsoft - to - release - patch - for - internet - explorer Microsoft to release patch for Internet Explorer 'The Fix' will remedy a vulnerability that allows an attacker to gain remote control of a Windows machine . . Wed , Sep 19 2012 at 11 : 47 AM Microsoft will push out an out - of - cycle Windows patch to temporarily fix the critical Internet Explorer flaw revealed earlier this week . "While we have only seen a few attempts to exploit the issue , impacting an extremely limited number of people , we are taking this proactive step to help ensure Internet Explorer customers are protected and able to safely browse online , " Microsoft Trustworthy Computing director Yunsun Wee said in a blog posting on Sept . 18 . "The Fix it is an easy - to - use , one - click , full - strength solution any Internet Explorer user can install , " Wee wrote . "It will not affect your ability to browse the Web , and it will provide full protection against this issue until an update is available . It won ’ t require a reboot of your computer . "This Fix it will be available for everyone to download and install within the next few days , " she added . Microsoft usually pushes out software updates and security patches on the second Tuesday of every month . Out - of - cycle patches are reserved for the most serious flaws . It's not clear what exactly Microsoft has in mind , if , as Wee indicates , the "fix it" is not a real update . Microsoft initially suggested that all Internet Explorer users install and configure a utility called the Enhanced Mitigation Experience Toolkit ( EMET ) to prevent exploitation of the flaw , but admitted EMET might interfere with other applications . Most security experts , and the German government , have recommended a simpler solution : Stop using Internet Explorer entirely until the flaw is fully fixed . The Internet Explorer vulnerability allows an attacker to gain remote control of a Windows machine at the same level of privilege as the current user . That's not so bad if a given machine's current user has limited privileges , but very serious if the current user has administrator rights and can install , modify or delete software . The flaw affects all currently distributed and supported versions of Internet Explorer and Windows : Internet Explorer versions 6 , 7 , 8 , and 9 and Windows XP , Vista and 7 , as well as Windows Server 2003 , and 2008 . Windows 8 , due to be released to the general public Oct . 26 , and its accompanying Web browser , Internet Explorer 10 , are not affected . Nor is Windows Server 2012 .

27_8ecb.xml
Microsoft issues emergency IE patch as attacks escalate Microsoft has issued a rare emergency update for its Internet Explorer browser as miscreants stepped up attacks targeting a vulnerability on hundreds of thousands of webpages . In many cases , the websites distributing the toxic payload are legitimate destinations that have been commandeered , allowing an attacker to snare victims as they surf to online banks , forums , and other trusted sites . There are at least six distinct versions of attack code circulating in the wild , according to researchers at iDefense , a security lab owned by VeriSign . A web search showed 233,000 pages containing the string ardoshanghai.com/s.js , just one of many web addresses exploiting a weakness in the way IE 's data-binding function works . Most of the attacks silently install keylogging software as soon as a victim surfs to a site carrying the exploit . Once installed , the software steals login credentials for online games . Attack strings in separate SQL injections include 17gamo.com/1.js . Researchers say the number of attack sites is too high to keep exhaustive lists , but Shadowserver is doing an admirable job here . `` The vulnerability is so juicy that we expect it to show up in tool kits fairly shortly , '' said Rick Howard , intelligence director of iDefense . The patch was released eight days after reports began circulating that websites were targeting a vulnerability in fully patched versions of IE . This is only the second time in 18 months that Microsoft has issued an unscheduled update . Typically , patches are available on the second Tuesday of each month to allow system administrators time for planning . Given the prevalence of attacks , there 's no good reason why anyone running a Windows machine should n't stop what they 're doing and install the patch immediately ( those with administrative rights , anyway ) - doing so is as easy as opening IE and selecting Windows Update from the Tools menu . The patch can also be downloaded directly here . Howard mentioned the site of `` a major financial institution '' that he found hosting the exploit , so do n't think you 're immune just because you steer clear of porn and warez .

27_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . neowin . net news microsoft - rushes - out - security - patch - for - internet - explorer Microsoft rushes out security patch for Internet Explorer 17 September 2013 - 21 : 29 Normally , Microsoft releases security bulletins for software products on the second Tuesday of each month . That happened last week as scheduled , but today the company announced it has rushed out an additional patch designed to fix an exploit that has been found in Internet Explorer , and is being used in attacks on IE8 and IE9 . In a post on its security response blog , Microsoft says the issue would allow a hacker to launch a remote code execution if a person surfs to a website using IE that contains malicious code . The blog adds , "There are only reports of a limited number of targeted attacks specifically directed at Internet Explorer 8 and 9 , although the issue could potentially affect all supported versions . " The company has released a "Fix - it" patch , "CVE - 2013 - 3893 MSHTML Shim Workaround" to plug this security hole in all currently supported versions of IE . In addition , Microsoft recommends that users set their security settings on the web browser to "High" to block any ActiveX Controls and Active Scripting on websites . It also recommends users set up IE so that it informs them ahead of time before running any Active Scripting features . The company plans to release a full security patch that will be a more complete solution to this problem in the near future .

27_9ecb.xml
Microsoft rushes to release patch to fix web browser flaw Microsoft on Wednesday issued an urgent patch to fix an Internet Explorer ( IE ) web browser flaw that may have been used by hackers to attack millions of computer users . The security update for IE , dubbed MS08-078 , resolves a publicly disclosed vulnerability that `` could allow remote code execution if a user views a specially crafted Web page using Internet Explorer , '' the software giant said in a statement . The flaw could allow hackers to take control of computers and steal passwords and credit card information . Writing in a company blog , Mike Reavey , director of the Microsoft Security Response Center , urged users to test and deploy the security update `` as quickly as possible . '' Microsoft said the update is for IE on all currently supported versions of Windows . Users can now download it for their home computers or laptops from Microsoft Update website . Microsoft security experts estimated earlier that roughly 0.2 percent of IE users worldwide may have been exposed to websites containing exploits of the latest vulnerability , which means millions of users are in danger of having their computers infected . Latest statistics from research firm Net Applications showed that IE still dominates the browser market with a share of nearly 70 percent .

27_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . pcworld . com article 2048912 microsoft - rushes - urgent - fix - for - internet - explorer . html Microsoft rushes urgent fix for Internet Explorer It ’ s not Patch Tuesday , but Microsoft has released a crucial update for Internet Explorer that you should apply immediately . Microsoft included a cumulative update for Internet Explorer in the 13 security bulletins that made up Patch Tuesday last week , and that update was considered Critical as well . Since then , though , a new flaw has been targeted by attacks in the wild , so Microsoft has responded with an out - of - band update . Apply the urgent Fix - It solution from Microsoft to protect Internet Explorer from exploits . The update from Microsoft is a Fix - It tool , which is more of a stop - gap bandage than an actual patch . Applying the Fix - It will protect Internet Explorer and prevent the currently circulating exploit from working on your systems . Paul Henry , security and forensic analyst with Lumension , says that there are number of mitigating factors that limit the potential scope of this threat , but those factors may offer little consolation for many users . “ The bad news is that this is a very wide - reaching patch , affecting all versions of IE across all operating systems , from XP to RT , " he says . "And more bad news : the average user is very susceptible to being hit with this . ” Microsoft claims that running Internet Explorer in Enhanced Security Configuration mode prevents this attack . Internet Explorer runs in this restricted mode by default on Windows Server 2008 , Windows Server 2008 R2 , Windows Server 2012 , and Windows Server 2012 R2 . Microsoft states that all supported versions of Outlook , Outlook Express , and Windows Mail include protection by default as well . HTML email messages are opened by default in the Restricted Sites security zone , which disables scripts and ActiveX controls necessary for the exploit to execute . However , Microsoft cautions that the protection in Outlook only applies to the HTML message within Outlook itself . If a user receives an email with a link and clicks on it , they ’ re still potentially vulnerable because the threat is now Web - based and functioning outside of Outlook . “ The average user does not run the restricted sites mode , are not using the Enhanced Security Configuration and are all - too - willing to click on phishing emails , " Henry explains , "I recommend employing the mitigating factors , as well as advising users about this so they will be less likely to click malicious links until you can apply the patch . It ’ s been a while since we ’ ve seen an out - of - band patch for IE from Microsoft , but it ’ s still important to apply it as soon as possible . ” “ It's important to reiterate that ALL versions of IE are affected including the Internet Explorer 11 preview , Tyler Reguly , technical manager of security research and development for Tripwire , says . "Since attacks are occurring now , this is a situation where it's in everyone's best interest for Microsoft to release a patch as soon as possible . In the meantime , install the shim that they've released . ” He adds , “ For less technical users that aren't comfortable with Microsoft Fix it solutions , using another browser until a patch is available is the best option , ” A couple additional notes : The Fix - It solution only works with 32 - bit versions of Internet Explorer , and you must first apply the cumulative update for Internet Explorer from last week ’ s Patch Tuesday ( MS13 - 069 ) .

