28_10ecb.xml
Mark Felt , who was known as Watergate scandal informant 'Deep Throat , ' died on Friday . He was 95 . Felt worked as the associate director of the FBI in the 1970s and is one of the most famous anonymous sources for the press in American history . His daughter Joan Felt said her father ate a big breakfast before saying he was tired , and went to sleep , she told the Washington Post . He died at 12:45 p.m. on Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , California , the Post stated . `` He slipped away , '' she said . Felt blew the whistle on a corrupt administration trying to cover up attempts to sabotage opponents . He secretly guided Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward and his colleague Carl Bernstein who pursued the story of the 1972 break-in of the Democratic National Committee 's headquarters at the Watergate office buildings . That ultimately led to the resignation of President Richard M. Nixon . Felt insisted on remaining completely anonymous until May 30 , 2005 when Felt 's family revealed his identity in an article for Vanity Fair magazine .

28_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . sunjournal . com node 149547 Fred LaRue , Nixon administration aide , dies Wednesday , July 28 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a Watergate figure and high - ranking Nixon administration official who once was rumored to be Deep Throat , has died of natural causes . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Coroner Gary Hargrove said . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet , and served 41 2 months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . LaRue served as special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Nixon's re - election committee . LaRue was present at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder at Nixon's vacation home in Key Biscayne , Fla . , where the plan to break into the Watergate complex in Washington allegedly was hatched . LaRue said he advised against the burglarization of the building , which housed Democratic Party headquarters . After his political career ended in scandal , LaRue returned to his home state of Mississippi to work in his family's oil company and with its real estate holdings . LaRue discounted rumors that he was Deep Throat , saying the mysterious source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on the Watergate story was not one person , but probably a combination of several people .

28_11ecb.xml
Mark Felt , ' Deep Throat ' of Watergate , dead at 95 W. Mark Felt , who leaked information to reporters under the moniker , `` Deep Throat , '' about the Watergate break-in , died Thursday at the age of 95 , sources told CNN . Mark Felt , known as `` Deep Throat , '' divulged information to reporters about the Watergate break-in . Rob Jones , Felt 's grandson , said his grandfather died at his home in Santa Rosa , California . According to published reports , Felt died of congestive heart failure . Felt admitted in a 2005 Vanity Fair article he was the Washington Post 's source for many of its 400 stories on the Watergate affair during the early nineteen seventies . The Watergate break-in eventually led to the 1974 resignation of President Richard Nixon . `` I 'm proud of everything that Deep Throat did , '' Felt , 92 , told CNN 's `` Larry King Live '' in 2006 , his first public interview on the subject . Felt 's entanglement with history occurred in 1972 after the bungled break-in at the Democratic National Party offices in the Watergate hotel . Felt , an associate director at the FBI , said he was unhappy with the way the administration meddled with the investigation into the break-in , which led him to divulge information to the newspaper . Video Watch how Felt played a pivotal role in presidential history Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward , then-rookie reporters with the Washington Post , did stories about the break-in and subsequent cover-up . Both men credited Felt for helping them , but Bernstein said Felt was a tough interview . `` He did n't leak . He had to really be squeezed , '' Bernstein said in a 2006 interview . `` He confirmed mostly what we had gotten elsewhere . He did n't want to volunteer a lot of information , yet his role was essential in giving us a solidity and a knowledge that what we were reporting was right . ''

28_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . upi . com Top _ News 2004 07 28 Fred - LaRue - top - Nixon - aide - dies - at - 75 UPI - 34381091035466 Fred LaRue , top Nixon aide , dies at 75 Published : July 28 , 2004 at 1 : 24 PM Fred LaRue , a Richard Nixon White House aide and key player in the Watergate scandal , was found dead in his room at a Biloxi , Miss . , motel , it was reported Wednesday . LaRue was 75 , the Biloxi Sun Herald reported Wednesday . He was found dead , reportedly of natural causes , in his room at the Sun Tan Motel Tuesday morning , officials said . LaRue returned to Mississippi to tend his family's real estate and oil interests after serving more than four years for his role in the Watergate scandal . Known as the "bagman , " he was arguably Nixon's most vital defender . Watching the PBS documentary looking back at Watergate last summer , LaRue called Magruder a "congenital liar" and insisted Nixon had no knowledge of the plans . LaRue was occasionally identified as "Deep Throat , " the shadowy character believed to have helped two Washington Post reporters crack a bevy of Nixon - era secrets , including the Watergate break - in . But he denied he or any one individual could have been such a figure .

28_12ecb.xml
Mark Felt , 'Deep Throat ' in Watergate reports , dies Former FBI official had storied role in Washington Post investigation that brought down Nixon W. Mark Felt , the former FBI official who ended one of the United States ' most intriguing political mysteries when he identified himself as `` Deep Throat '' -- the nickname for the anonymous source who helped guide The Washington Post 's Pulitzer Prize-winning investigation into the Watergate scandal -- has died . He was 95 . A controversial figure who was later convicted of authorizing illegal activities in pursuit of members of the radical Weather Underground , Felt died of heart failure Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , Calif . , his grandson Rob Jones said . Felt was deputy associate director of the FBI in 1972 when he began supplying information to Bob Woodward , who with Carl Bernstein made up The Post 's investigative duo who doggedly pursued the story of the Watergate break-in and a conspiracy that led directly to President Richard M. Nixon , who ultimately resigned . The reporters continued to keep Felt 's name a secret , but in 2005 , at the age of 91 , Felt told Vanity Fair magazine , `` I 'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat . '' His disclosure ended a mystery that had intrigued Washington insiders and journalists for three decades and provided the grist for many hotly debated newspaper and magazine articles . While Felt 's name was raised as a suspect on several occasions , he always managed to deflect attention , usually by saying that if had been Deep Throat he would have done a better job of exposing the wrongdoings at the White House . His disclosure in a Vanity Fair article by his family 's lawyer , John D. O'Connor , provoked a national debate: Was he a hero who should be lauded for sparing the country the strain of further high crimes and misdemeanors by the Nixon White House ? Or was he a traitor who betrayed not only his president but his oath of office by disclosing grand jury information and the contents of FBI files ? For the most part , reaction split along political lines . `` There 's nothing heroic about breaking faith with your people , '' said commentator Patrick J. Buchanan , a former Nixon speechwriter . Felt `` disgraced himself and dishonored everything an FBI agent should stand for . '' But Richard Ben-Veniste , a key lawyer in the Watergate prosecution team , said Felt 's role showed that `` the importance of whistle-blowers should n't be underestimated , particularly when there are excesses by the executive branch of government -- which in this case went all the way to the executive office . '' Felt 's moment in history began to unfold shortly after five men in business suits were arrested at the Watergate complex in Washington on June 17 , 1972 , after breaking into the offices of the Democratic National Committee . Nixon press secretary Ron Ziegler dismissed the incident as `` a third-rate burglary , '' but details gradually tumbled out tying the burglars to the president 's re-election campaign . Misdeeds in the White House were uncovered , hearings were conducted in the House of Representatives and Senate , and for the first time in American history a president was forced to resign . The relationship that defined a generation in journalism began about 1970 when Woodward was a Navy lieutenant assigned to the Pentagon as a watch officer . In his book , `` The Secret Man : The Story of Watergate 's Deep Throat , '' published after the Vanity Fair article appeared , Woodward wrote that he met Felt when he delivered a package of documents to the White House and struck up a conversation with him in a waiting room . From that initial meeting , Woodward cultivated a friendship that would pay off handsomely after he entered journalism . Felt began to provide tips to Woodward when he was a cub reporter at the Montgomery County Sentinel , a suburban Maryland newspaper , and later at The Post , where he was tipped by Felt on stories about the investigation of the 1972 shooting of George C. Wallace , the Alabama governor then running for president . When Woodward was assigned to the Watergate break-in , he again pressed Felt for help . His request came during a crucial moment in the FBI 's history: Felt 's mentor , the legendary founding director J. Edgar Hoover , had died the month before the break-in , and Assistant Attorney General L. Patrick Gray III had been named acting director . Felt feared -- and his suspicions were later proven right -- that Gray was too close to the Nixon administration to conduct an uncompromised investigation . Felt agreed to help Woodward but only on `` deep background , '' a term meaning that `` the information could be used , '' Woodward wrote , `` but no source of any kind would be identified in the newspaper . '' Felt insisted on using covert rules he had learned while working in the FBI 's espionage section during World War II . If Woodward needed to talk to Felt , he would move a flower pot with a red cloth flag in it to the front of his apartment balcony . If Felt needed to talk to the reporter -- to correct something The Post had written or to convey other information -- he would circle page 20 in Woodward 's home-delivered copy of The New York Times and draw clock hands on the page to indicate the time of the meeting . He resisted telephone contact in favor of clandestine 2 a.m. encounters at an underground parking garage in Rosslyn , Virginia . The two met from June 19 , 1972 -- two days after the break-in -- to November 1973 , five months after Felt left the FBI . Within the paper , only Woodward and Bernstein knew the identity of Deep Throat , a name borrowed from a notorious pornographic movie of the era . But Felt dealt only with Woodward , and Bernstein did not meet him until 2008 . When Nixon left office on Aug. 9 , 1974 , the two reporters shared the secret with Post Editor Benjamin C. Bradlee , who until then had only known that the source was a high Justice Department official . Nixon , according to Woodward , had suspected Felt of being the confidential source and assumed him to be part of a Jewish cabal out to get him . According to Vanity Fair , Felt had no religious affiliation .

28_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . boston . com news globe obituaries articles 2004 07 28 fred _ larue _ 75 _ delivered _ hush _ money _ in _ watergate ? camp=pm Fred LaRue , 75 ; delivered 'hush' money in Watergate July 28 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a close aide to former Attorney General John Mitchell and the first person to plead guilty in the Watergate scandal , died of natural causes . He was 75 . His body was discovered yesterday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi . Coroner Gary Hargrove said he believes that Mr . LaRue died Saturday . Mr . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet . He served four months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . Mr . LaRue served as special assistant to Mitchell , who later headed President Nixon's reelection committee . Mr . LaRue was present at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder at Nixon's vacation home in Key Biscayne , Fla . , where the plan to break into the Watergate complex in Washington was allegedly hatched . Mr . LaRue said he advised against the burglarization of the building , which housed Democratic Party headquarters . After his political career ended in scandal , Mr . LaRue returned to his home state of Mississippi to work in his family's oil company and with its real estate holdings . He also spent much time catching shrimp in the Gulf of Mexico . A few researchers of the scandal have suggested that Mr . LaRue could have been Deep Throat . He discounted those rumors , saying the mysterious source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on the Watergate story was not one person , but probably a combination of several people .

28_13ecb.xml
Mark 'Deep Throat ' Felt dead at 95 We 're all learning this morning of the death , at age 95 , of W. Mark Felt , who as a senior Federal Bureau of Investigation official , served as the shadowy source known as `` Deep Throat '' to reporter Bob Woodward in his investigation of the Watergate scandal that led to President Nixon 's resignation . As Johanna Neuman writes in a Los Angeles Times piece: A controversial figure who was later convicted of authorizing illegal activities in pursuit of members of the radical Weather Underground , Felt died of heart failure Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , Calif. , his grandson Rob Jones said . Felt was deputy associate director of the FBI in 1972 when he began supplying information to Bob Woodward , who with Carl Bernstein made up The Post 's investigative duo who doggedly pursued the story of the Watergate break-in and a conspiracy that led directly to President Richard M. Nixon , who ultimately resigned . The reporters continued to keep Felt 's name a secret , but in 2005 , at the age of 91 , Felt told Vanity Fair magazine , `` I 'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat . '' His disclosure ended a mystery that had intrigued Washington insiders and journalists for three decades and provided the grist for many hotly debated newspaper and magazine articles . While Felt 's name was raised as a suspect on several occasions , he always managed to deflect attention , usually by saying that if had been Deep Throat he would have done a better job of exposing the wrongdoings at the White House . His disclosure in a Vanity Fair article by his family 's lawyer , John D. O'Connor , provoked a national debate: Was he a hero who should be lauded for sparing the country the strain of further high crimes and misdemeanors by the Nixon White House ? Or was he a traitor who betrayed not only his president but his oath of office by disclosing grand jury information and the contents of FBI files ? For the most part , reaction split along political lines . `` There 's nothing heroic about breaking faith with your people , '' said commentator Patrick J. Buchanan , a former Nixon speechwriter . Felt `` disgraced himself and dishonored everything an FBI agent should stand for . '' But Richard Ben-Veniste , a key lawyer in the Watergate prosecution team , said Felt 's role showed that `` the importance of whistle-blowers should n't be underestimated , particularly when there are excesses by the executive branch of government -- which in this case went all the way to the executive office . ''

28_1ecb.xml
Lawman 's Unwavering Compass Led Him to White House Showdown W. Mark Felt Sr. , the associate director of the FBI during the Watergate scandal who , better known as `` Deep Throat , '' became the most famous anonymous source in American history , died yesterday . Felt died at 12:45 p.m . at his home in Santa Rosa , Calif . On Tuesday , Oct. 10 , 1972 , Washington awoke to this startling news: `` FBI agents have established that the Watergate bugging incident stemmed from a massive campaign of political spying and sabotage conducted on behalf of President Nixon 's reelection and directed by officials of the White House and the Committee for the Re-election of the President , '' The Washington Post reported . Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein wrote that story , but it would not have been possible , they would later tell the world , without the clandestine help of the most famous unnamed source in history , W. Mark Felt -- the man they called `` Deep Throat . '' He was the associate director of the FBI , and he guided the reporters , all along insisting that Watergate was not an isolated incident but part of a wider conspiracy designed to destroy Democratic presidential candidates who might run against Nixon . Instead , the Watergate scandal subsequently destroyed the Nixon presidency . Facing impeachment , Nixon resigned the presidency in disgrace less than two years after that day in October when , one of his key lawyers would later say , it was apparent that `` in a general way and with the help of Deep Throat , ( Woodward and Bernstein ) figured out Watergate . '' Felt died Thursday at his home in Santa Rosa , Calif . He was 95 . As the second-ranking official in the FBI , Felt possessed authoritative knowledge of what came to be known as the Watergate conspiracy . Felt had personally witnessed the Nixon administration 's attempt to subvert the bureau 's investigation into the complex of crimes and coverups that began unraveling with a 1972 burglary of the Democratic National Committee 's headquarters at the Watergate complex in Northwest Washington . `` He helped stiffen the spine of The Washington Post , which went out on a limb more than any other publication did , and broke stories that other outlets shunned , '' said Mark Feldstein , a George Washington University faculty member who is writing a book on Nixon and the media . `` Had Woodward not run with it , Felt had a network of connections in Washington , ( other reporters ) he was talking to ... but no one knew of his connection to Woodward . '' Felt , a dashing figure with a full head of silver hair and a reputation as a taskmaster , adamantly denied over the years that he was Deep Throat , even though Nixon suspected him almost from the start . Nixon ordered interim FBI director L. Patrick Gray to fire Felt five times . But Gray , convinced by Felt 's denials , never did . A master of bureaucratic infighting and misdirection , Felt seized upon a Post story that had not used him as a source . In a bold stroke , he denounced it in an internal memo and ordered an investigation into the leak . `` Expedite , '' he commanded . The next day , in a notation on another memo that passed across his desk , he pointed to a prosecutor as the source of the leak . `` I was impressed . My guy knew his stuff , '' Woodward wrote in `` Secret Man : The Story of Watergate 's Deep Throat '' ( 2006 ) . `` The memo was an effective cover for him , the very best counterintelligence tradecraft . Not only had he initiated the leak inquiry , but Felt appeared to have discovered the leaker . '' Felt had insisted on remaining completely anonymous , or on `` deep background . '' A Post editor dubbed him `` Deep Throat , '' a bit of wordplay based on the title of a pornographic movie of the time . The source 's existence , but not his identity , became known in Woodward and Bernstein 's 1974 book , `` All the President 's Men , '' and in the subsequent movie version , in which actor Hal Holbrook played the charismatic but shadowy source . It was n't until May 30 , 2005 , that Felt 's family revealed his identity in an article for Vanity Fair magazine . The story , written by San Francisco lawyer John D. O'Connor , did not make clear why Felt , who was suffering from dementia , admitted his role after more than 30 years . Woodward confirmed the revelation , and the secret was finally out .

28_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . theguardian . com media 2004 jul 29 pressandpublishing . usnews Deep Throat suspect found dead in hotel Thursday 29 July 2004 08 . 23 BST One of the longest - running mysteries of American politics may soon be resolved after it was announced yesterday that the man many suspect of being Deep Throat in the Watergate scandal had died . Fred LaRue , known as the "bagman" because he delivered payments to ensure the silence of participants in the Watergate break - in , was found dead in a hotel room in Biloxi , Mississippi . He was 75 . The two Washington Post reporters who broke the Watergate story , Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward , have maintained that they would only reveal the identity of Deep Throat once he was dead . Although there have been several names advanced as Deep Throat , LaRue is one of the more likely candidates . He was a special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who headed Creep , the Campaign to Re - elect the President , in 1972 . LaRue was at a meeting at Nixon's Florida holiday home at which the scheme to break into the Democratic headquarters in the Watergate building in Washington was first mooted . Although LaRue insisted he was not Deep Throat , and that the source was a combination of several people , Woodward and Bernstein have insisted Deep Throat was one person . LaRue said last year that President Nixon had not been told of the plan to break into the building . He cited his close relationship with Mr Mitchell to back up his claim that the president was ignorant of the plan . LaRue served four and a half months in prison for his role in the Watergate conspiracy , after being charged with obstructing justice .

28_2ecb.xml
Mark Felt , the mysterious `` Deep Throat '' source who helped Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein crack the Watergate scandal that brought down President Richard Nixon , has died at age 95 . Felt suffered from congestive heart failure but the exact cause of his death at home on Thursday was not immediately known , said the Press Democrat newspaper in Santa Rosa , California , 55 miles ( 90 km ) north of San Francisco . In its report on Felt 's death , the New York Times called him `` the most famous anonymous source in American history . '' Felt , the No. 2 official at the FBI when the Watergate case broke , kept his role in the story a secret for 30 years . Only in 2005 , at age 91 , was his part made public in an article in Vanity Fair magazine written by Felt 's family lawyer . `` I 'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat , '' Felt told attorney John O'Connor . For years , people had speculated and argued about the identity of `` Deep Throat , '' whose name was derived from the title of a popular pornographic movie . Vanity Fair scooped Woodward and Bernstein , who had promised not to reveal the name of the star source of their 1974 stories until after his death . But within a day of Felt 's unveiling , Woodward wrote of his relationship with Felt . Woodward said he turned to Felt after he and Bernstein wrote about the break-in at the offices of the Democratic National Committee at the Watergate complex in Washington .

28_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . washingtonpost . com politics watergate - bagman - fred - larue - 75 - dies 2012 05 31 gJQATOlOGV _ story . html Watergate 'Bagman' Fred LaRue , 75 , Dies Published : July 29 , 2004 Frederick Cheney LaRue , 75 , the shadowy Nixon White House aide and "bagman" who delivered more than $300 , 000 in payoffs to Watergate conspirators , died of coronary artery disease in a Biloxi , Miss . , motel room , where he lived . His body was found by a motel maid July 27 , but Harrison County , Miss . , coroner Gary Hargrove said he believed the death occurred July 24 . Mr . LaRue had a history of heart problems , Hargrove said . Considered one of the most mysterious men in the Nixon administration , Mr . LaRue served as a presidential aide without title , salary or mention in the White House directory . Yet he was so close to the center of power that he was one of the few present at a March 30 , 1972 , meeting at Nixon's vacation home on Key Biscayne , Fla . , at which former attorney general John Mitchell discussed the planned break - in and bugging of the Democratic National Committee headquarters office in the Watergate building . The money for the operation came from Nixon's reelection campaign funds , as did "hush money" paid to the Watergate burglars and their attorneys , Mr . LaRue later testified to the Senate Watergate investigative committee . He was the first administration official to plead guilty to charges in the Watergate coverup and was the last to be sentenced . He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice and was sentenced to one to three years , with all but six months suspended . He served 136 days . Mr . LaRue came to Washington in 1969 as an experienced political hand and was described in a 1972 Washington Post profile as a squinting , mumbling "Faulknerian character , an insignificant - looking man who . . . passionately sought anonymity throughout his wheeler - dealer days . " He was considered the liaison between Mitchell and Mississippi Sen . James O . Eastland ( D ) , who was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee and who supported Nixon's judicial appointments . Mr . LaRue's role during Nixon's 1968 election campaign was to woo Southern voters . Born in Athens , Tex . , Mr . LaRue was nicknamed "Bubba" in his family and graduated from the University of Oklahoma with a bachelor's degree in geology in 1951 . His father , Ike Parsons LaRue , went to jail on crimes involving banking law , and upon his release , struck it rich in the oil and gas business . The son sold one of their Mississippi oil fields for a reported $30 million in 1957 , using his family's newfound wealth to become a political financier . Later that year , Mr . LaRue shot and killed his father in a duck - hunting accident in Canada . Mr . LaRue became active in state Republican politics and served on the Republican National Committee from 1963 to 1968 . He donated to Barry Goldwater's 1964 presidential campaign and was an early donor to Nixon's 1968 campaign . He was very close to Mitchell , and after the attorney general resigned in 1972 to become campaign director of the Committee to Re - Elect the President ( CREEP ) , Mr . LaRue went with him . After the Watergate break - in , Mr . LaRue and another aide , Robert C . Mardian , were put in charge of the coverup , supervising the shredding of documents and destruction of financial records . Hugh W . Sloan Jr . , former treasurer of the CREEP Finance Committee , said under oath that Mr . LaRue and deputy campaign manager Jeb Stuart Magruder told him he might have to commit perjury to protect the Watergate conspiracy . They tried to get him to agree to testify that he gave Watergate burglar G . Gordon Liddy much less than the campaign's financial records showed . After Mr . LaRue pleaded guilty and served his sentence in 1973 , he returned to Mississippi , where he worked in the family oil and real estate development business , his nephew William T . LaRue said . The family money had dwindled by the early 1970s , after the LaRues lost money in the Castaways , a Las Vegas gambling casino they bought in 1963 . Mr . LaRue said in 1971 , "I'm no millionaire . " He was one of many Nixon - era figures rumored over the years to be "Deep Throat , " the undercover source of Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein . Mr . LaRue denied that he was Deep Throat , and Woodward said he will not reveal the source's name until after Deep Throat dies . Survivors include his wife , Joyce LaRue of Jackson , Miss . ; five children ; and several grandchildren .

28_3ecb.xml
Mark Felt , Watergate 's `Deep Throat , ' dies at 95 W. Mark Felt , the former FBI second-in-command who revealed himself as `` Deep Throat '' 30 years after he tipped off reporters to the Watergate scandal that toppled a president , has died . He was 95 . Felt died Thursday in Santa Rosa after suffering from congestive heart failure for several months , said family friend John D. O'Connor , who wrote the 2005 Vanity Fair article uncovering Felt 's secret . The shadowy central figure in the one of the most gripping political dramas of the 20th century , Felt insisted his alter ego be kept secret when he leaked damaging information about President Richard Nixon and his aides to Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward . While some - including Nixon and his aides - speculated that Felt was the source who connected the White House to the June 1972 break-in at the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee , he steadfastly denied the accusations until finally coming forward in May 2005 . `` I 'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat , '' Felt told O'Connor for the Vanity Fair article , creating a whirlwind of media attention . Weakened by a stroke , the man who had kept his secret for decades was n't doing much talking - he merely waved to the media from the front door of his daughter 's Santa Rosa home . Critics , including those who went to prison for the Watergate scandal , called him a traitor for betraying the commander in chief . Supporters hailed him as a hero for blowing the whistle on a corrupt administration trying to cover up attempts to sabotage opponents . Felt grappled with his place in history , arguing with his children over whether to reveal his identity or to take his secret to the grave , O'Connor said . He agonized about what revealing his identity would do to his reputation . Would he be seen as a turncoat or a man of honor ? `` People will debate for a long time whether I did the right thing by helping Woodward , '' Felt wrote in his 2006 memoir , `` A G-Man 's Life : The FBI , `Deep Throat ' and the Struggle for Honor in Washington . '' `` The bottom line is that we did get the whole truth out , and is n't that what the FBI is supposed to do ? '' Ultimately , his daughter , Joan , persuaded him to go public ; after all , Woodward was sure to profit by revealing the secret after Felt died . `` We could make at least enough money to pay some bills , like the debt I 've run up for the kids ' education , '' she told her father , according to the Vanity Fair article . `` Let 's do it for the family . '' The revelation capped a Washington whodunnit that spanned more than three decades and seven presidents . It was the final mystery of Watergate , the subject of the best-selling book and hit movie `` All the President 's Men , '' which inspired a generation of college students to pursue journalism . It was by chance that Felt came to play a pivotal role in the drama . Back in 1970 , Woodward struck up a conversation with Felt while both were waiting in a White House hallway . Felt apparently took a liking to the young Woodward , then a Navy courier , and Woodward kept the relationship going , treating Felt as a mentor as he tried to figure out the ways of Washington . Later , while Woodward and partner Carl Bernstein relied on various unnamed sources in reporting on Watergate , the man their editor dubbed `` Deep Throat '' helped to keep them on track and confirm vital information . The Post won a Pulitzer Prize for its Watergate coverage . Within days of the burglary at Watergate that launched the Post 's investigative series , Woodward phoned Felt . `` He reminded me how he disliked phone calls at the office but said that the Watergate burglary case was going to `heat up ' for reasons he could not explain , '' Woodward wrote after Felt was named . `` He then hung up abruptly . '' Felt helped Woodward link former CIA man Howard Hunt to the break-in . He said the reporter could accurately write that Hunt , whose name was found in the address book of one of the burglars , was a suspect . But Felt told him off the record , insisting that their relationship and Felt 's identity remain secret . Worried that phones were being tapped , Felt arranged clandestine meetings worthy of a spy novel . Woodward would move a flower pot with a red flag on his balcony if he needed to meet Felt . The G-man would scrawl a time to meet on page 20 of Woodward 's copy of The New York Times and they would rendezvous in a suburban Virginia parking garage in the dead of night . In the movie , the enduring image of Deep Throat - a name borrowed from a 1972 porn movie - is of a testy , chain-smoking Hal Holbrook telling Woodward , played by Robert Redford , to `` follow the money . '' In a memoir published in April 2006 , Felt said he saw himself as a `` Lone Ranger '' who could help derail a White House cover-up . Felt wrote that he was upset by the slow pace of the FBI investigation into the Watergate break-in and believed the press could pressure the administration to cooperate . `` From the start , it was clear that senior administration officials were up to their necks in this mess , and that they would stop at nothing to sabotage our investigation , '' Felt wrote in his memoir . Some critics said Felt , a J. Edgar Hoover loyalist , was bitter at being passed over when Nixon appointed an FBI outsider and confidante , L. Patrick Gray , to lead the FBI after Hoover 's death . Gray was later implicated in Watergate abuses . `` We had no idea of his motivations , and even now some of his motivations are unclear , '' Bernstein said . Felt wrote that he was n't motivated by anger . `` It is true that I would have welcomed an appointment as FBI director when Hoover died . It is not true that I was jealous of Gray , '' he wrote . Felt was born in Twin Falls , Idaho , and worked for an Idaho senator during graduate school . After law school at George Washington University he spent a year at the Federal Trade Commission . Felt joined the FBI in 1942 and worked as a Nazi hunter during World War II . Ironically , while providing crucial information to the Post , Felt also was assigned to ferret out the newspaper 's source . The investigation never went anywhere , but plenty of people , including those in the White House at the time , guessed that Felt , who was leading the investigation into Watergate , may have been acting as a double agent . The Watergate tapes captured White House chief of staff H.R. Haldeman telling Nixon that Felt was the source , but they were afraid to stop him . Nixon asks : `` Somebody in the FBI ? '' Haldeman : `` Yes , sir. Mark Felt ... If we move on him , he 'll go out and unload everything . He knows everything that 's to be known in the FBI . '' Felt left the FBI in 1973 for the lecture circuit . Five years later he was indicted on charges of authorizing FBI break-ins at homes associated with suspected bombers from the 1960s radical group the Weather Underground . President Ronald Reagan pardoned Felt in 1981 while the case was on appeal - a move applauded by Nixon . Woodward and Bernstein said they would n't reveal the source 's identity until he or she died , and finally confirmed Felt 's role only after he came forward . O'Connor said Thursday his friend appeared to be at peace since the revelation . `` What I saw was a person that went from a divided personality that carried around this heavy secret to a completely integrated and glowing personality over these past few years once he let the secret out , '' he said . Felt is survived by two children , Joan Felt and Mark Felt Jr. , and four grandchildren . His wife , Audrey Felt , died in 1984 .

28_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2004 07 29 politics 29larueobit . html Fred LaRue , Watergate Figure , Dies at 75 Published : July 29 , 2004 Frederick C . LaRue , a top Nixon campaign official who passed money from a secret White House fund to buy the silence of the Watergate burglars , died Saturday at a hotel in Biloxi , Miss . He was 75 . His heart failed while he was reading a book , his son , Ike LaRue III , said . He lived in Biloxi and Jackson , Miss . Fred LaRue's career was intertwined with that of Richard M . Nixon from the time he transferred his considerable financial support to Nixon from the defeated presidential candidate Barry Goldwater in 1964 . He was an architect of Nixon's successful strategy for capturing Southern votes and then a significant participant in the Watergate scandal . Mr . LaRue pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice in July 1973 . He served a reduced sentence of four and a half months in federal prison in return for cooperating with prosecutors investigating the break - in at the Watergate complex , which housed the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee , on June 17 , 1972 . He was at the meeting in Key Biscayne , Fla . , on March 30 , 1972 , where John N . Mitchell , the former attorney general who became head of Nixon's re - election campaign committee , and Jeb Stuart Magruder , Mr . Mitchell's deputy , approved a "dirty tricks" campaign , including the Watergate break - in . Mr . LaRue was also at the meeting after the break - in at which some of the same officials scurried to come up with money for the burglars . Mr . LaRue personally delivered payments . Nixon acknowledged his own involvement in the cover - up , but always denied advance knowledge of the break - in . In a heated exchange with Mr . Magruder in 2003 , Mr . LaRue supported Nixon's claim of ignorance of the initial burglary . Mr . LaRue's main argument was that he had been in charge of the phone at a Florida meeting of the top campaign staff where the break - in was planned and was monitoring all calls . Nixon never called , he said in an interview with The Sun Herald , a Biloxi newspaper . Also , he said his personal relationship with Mitchell was so close that Mitchell would certainly have told him . Mr . LaRue denied suggestions that he was "Deep Throat , " the secret Watergate source used by Bob Woodward in his joint coverage of the scandal with Carl Bernstein for The Washington Post . Mr . LaRue said he believed the secret informer was an amalgam of several people , but Mr . Woodward has said that it is one person and that he will reveal that person's identity after his death . Mr . LaRue , whose family amassed a fortune in the oil business , played an important role with Nixon many years before Watergate . After contributing heavily to Goldwater's losing presidential campaign in 1964 , he became a leading supporter of Nixon . In particular , he helped develop a "Southern strategy" for the Republicans to recapture Southern states from the Democrats . After Nixon's election in 1968 , Mr . LaRue worked in the White House without title or salary . Partly through his friendship with Senator James O . Eastland , the Mississippi Democrat who was chairman of the Judiciary Committee , Mr . LaRue helped to win confirmation for Nixon's nominees to the federal bench . "He was an elusive , anonymous , secret operator at the highest levels of the shattered Nixon power structure , " The New York Times reported in 1973 . "He is a man of personal mystery , too - a latter - day character , it sometimes seemed , out of a Southern gothic novel . " Frederick Cheney LaRue was born Oct . 11 , 1928 , in Athens , Tex . His father , Ike Parsons LaRue Sr . , whom Fred LaRue shot and killed in a Canadian duck - hunting accident in 1957 , was a first cousin of Sid Richardson , the Texas oil and ranching tycoon . The elder Mr . LaRue had gone to jail for banking violations and moved to Mississippi to look for oil . His company discovered the giant Bolton field , which Fred's generation sold for $30 million in 1967 . Fred LaRue spread money to local and national politicians , and , despite his shyness , acquired the nickname Bubba . He became a Republican national committeeman . In the end , Mr . LaRue was one of the first top Nixon aides to cooperate with prosecutors . "LaRue had stressed that it was time for both of us to think about protecting ourselves and our families instead of continuing to worry about protecting Mitchell and the president , " Mr . Magruder wrote in his 1974 book , "An American Life : One Man's Road to Watergate . " Mr . LaRue is survived by his wife , Joyce Burleson LaRue ; his sons Ike III , of Jackson , and Fred Jr . , of Brandon , Miss . ; his daughters Patricia LaRue of Arlington , Tex . , Leslie LaRue of Manhattan , Grace Burleson LaRue of Crystal Springs , Miss . ; his brother , Ike Jr . ; his sister , Ruthie LaRue Owen of Jackson ; and nine grandchildren . In the interview with The Sun Herald , Mr . LaRue guessed that the healthy regimen of his months in prison added 10 years to his life . "The warden let me make a badminton court out of the volleyball court , " he said . "We had some of the best badminton players in the country . "

28_4ecb.xml
Mark Felt , the most famous anonymous source in the history of journalism who was known to the world as `` Deep Throat '' , died yesterday aged 95 . As the associate director of the FBI , Mr Felt was outraged by the Nixon administration 's attempts to block its investigation of the Watergate scandal which ultimately led to the resignation of President Richard Nixon in 1974 . A master of counter-intelligence from his days tracking German WWII spies , he secretly helped Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein pursue the story . It was thirty four years before he finally broke cover , admitting in 2006: `` I 'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat . '' By then , he was so crippled by a stroke and Alzheimer 's disease that his memory of his role in US history had almost vanished . From the first day of the bungled 1972 break-in of the Democratic National Committee 's headquarters in the Watergate hotel Mr Felt was at the heart of the FBI investigation . The agency soon learned that the Nixon administration was running an extensive spying and sabotage campaign against its political enemies . Under intense pressure from the White House to suppress its investigation , the FBI was starting to buckle . A protagonist of the famous FBI director Herbert Hoover , the Mr Felt was already embittered for being passed over as his replacement . When White House officials tried to block the FBI 's corruption investigation , he became infuriated with what he would call their 'switchblade mentality . ' A debonair man about town and incurable political gossip , Mr Felt was already known to Mr Woodward when he first reached out to him . Soon he was arranging cloak and dagger meetings with the young reporters in darkened parking garages across the Potomac River . The chain-smoking FBI-man provided an insight into the scale of the presidential scandal that was larger than anyone had imagined . `` Deep Throat '' , the name given to him at the Washington Post , was a wordplay based on a well known pornographic movie and his insistence on remaining on `` deep background '' despite the sensational nature of his revelations . From the outset President Nixon suspected him of being the leaker and five times ordered the FBI director Patrick Gray to fire him . Felt 's adamant denials were convincing enough and he was never sacked . Deep Throat continued to leak and on the assumption that he was being monitored he had elaborate procedures for contacting Mr Woodward . When he had information to pass on , he would arrange meetings by circling the page number on page twenty of the reporter 's copy of The New York Times and then drawing the hands of a clock to signal the hour . If Mr Woodward wanted to see him he would simply place a red flag in a flowerpot on the balcony of his P street apartment . Over the course of the scandal , Deep Throat supplied crucial information for some 400 Washington Post stories . The reporters went on to win a Pulitzer prize , journalism 's highest accolade . A master of the black arts of disinformation , at FBI headquarters he alighted on a newspaper story for which he was not the source and ordered an investigation to find the leaker . He then fingered a prosecutor as the source . Mr Woodward wrote in his 2006 expose , `` Secret Man : The Story of Watergate 's Deep Throat '' that `` The memo was an effective cover for him , the very best counterintelligence tradecraft . Not only had he initiated the leak inquiry , but Felt appeared to have discovered the leaker . '' By then Deep Throat 's real identity had already been revealed in Vanity Fair magazine . More than 30 years after Watergate and Mr Woodward confirmed the revelation , finally letting his secret out . By then Mr Felt was suffering from dementia and had little or no memory of his role in history . Though Deep Throat was a hero to the anti Vietnam War movement and the left , Mr Felt was no liberal . A law and order crime-fighter , he ran the agency 's `` goon squad '' to monitor agents in the field . He also advised Hollywood for its 1965 television series The FBI , ensuring that G-men were always shown in the most favourable light . Long after Watergate he was convicted of running his own so called `` black bag '' burglaries of the radical Weather Underground movement . He was later pardoned by President Ronald Reagan . In a 1979 book , he bragged about the FBI 's bugging of the Civil Rights leader Martin Luther King and he vehemently opposed the hiring of women agents by the FBI .

28_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . sptimes . com 2004 07 28 Worldandnation Watergate _ figure _ Fred . shtml Watergate figure Fred LaRue dies Published July 28 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a Watergate figure and high - ranking Nixon administration official who once was rumored to be Deep Throat , has died of natural causes . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Coroner Gary Hargrove said . The coroner said he believes Mr . LaRue died Saturday ( July 24 , 2004 ) . Mr . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate breakin quiet , and served 41 2 months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . Mr . LaRue served as special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Richard Nixon's re - election committee . Mr . LaRue was at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder in Key Biscayne , where the plan to break into the Watergate complex allegedly was hatched . After his political career ended in scandal , Mr . LaRue returned to his home state of Mississippi to work in his family's business . Mr . LaRue discounted rumors that he was Deep Throat , saying the mysterious source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein was not one person , but probably a combination of people .

28_5ecb.xml
Deep Throat is dead . The passing yesterday of W. Mark Felt , the man who was the infamous secret source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein during their investigation of the Watergate scandal , marks the end of a life that brought about both the good and the bad of anonymous sources in political journalism . Without Felt 's information , the full scale of the Nixon administration 's corruption would likely never have come to light , he would n't have resigned in disgrace , and it might have set a precedent that the president of the United States is above the law . Deep Throat also gave us a new archetype in popular culture : the shadowy insider in a trench coat , calling up reporters for secret meetings in parking garages to spill the dirt , often with gravely voices and cautious looks over the shoulder . It 's been employed in entertainment ever since , from Hal Holbrook 's performance as Deep Throat in All the President 's Men , to Fox Mulder 's informant in The X-Files , to even the Caped Crusader giving Vicki Vale the cure for the Joker 's poison gas in Batman . But the downside of Felt 's legacy is the increased willingness of modern day journalists to grant anonymity to sources at the drop of a fedora . I 've been an avid reader of political news for ten years now and lost count of how many stories are attributed to someone , `` who declined to be named because they were not authorized to speak on the matter , '' or , `` who declined to be named for fear of angering the President . '' It 's become a lazy reporter 's default setting to allow people to talk on `` deep background , '' and as a result we 've slipped into a rut where accountability in government has become a rare , almost non-existent concept . All journalists should pore over the many obits of Felt today and think long and hard about their duty to the public the next time someone asks to go off the record .

28_5ecbplus.xml
http : articles . latimes . com 2004 jul 29 local me - larue29 Frederick LaRue , 75 ; Had Key Role in Coverup of the Watergate Break - In July 29 , 2004 Frederick C . LaRue , a Mississippi oil heir who became the first person found guilty of participating in the Watergate coverup and was among those rumored to be the mysterious Deep Throat , has died at 75 . LaRue's body was found Tuesday by a maid at the Biloxi hotel where he was staying . The Harrison County , Miss . , coroner , Gary Hargrove , told the Associated Press that LaRue is believed to have died Saturday of natural causes . A close friend and associate of John Mitchell - - President Nixon's attorney general and later his reelection campaign director - - LaRue became a trusted member of the administration in 1969 , even though he did not have a salary , a title or a listing in the White House directory . Described as a skillful behind - the - scenes operator , he was present at a key meeting in 1972 between Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder when the plan to break into the Democratic National Committee headquarters at the Watergate complex in Washington allegedly was approved . LaRue became a central figure in the Watergate coverup as the "bagman" who delivered hush money to participants in the bungled break - in . On June 27 , 1973 , he pleaded guilty to one charge of conspiring to obstruct justice and began cooperating with prosecutors . He served five months in federal prison . He remained an ardent defender of Nixon , speaking out as recently as last year to assail Magruder's assertions in a PBS program that the president ordered the illegal entry and bugging at the Watergate . LaRue had experienced scandal and tragedy before he ever entered Nixon's inner circle . His father , Ike Parsons LaRue , had served jail time for banking violations . Later , in 1954 , he struck oil in Mississippi . Young Frederick worked in the oil field alongside other relatives for several years , until it was sold for a reported $30 million in 1967 . That same year he shot and killed his father in a hunting accident in Canada . Various reports suggest that the LaRues never had control of the oil fortune or that they squandered it in bad investments . When Frederick LaRue's name started appearing in newspapers in connection with the Watergate controversy , he told a reporter that he was "no millionaire . " The family wealth , however , established him as a power in Mississippi politics in the 1960s . He was a major contributor to Arizona Republican Sen . Barry Goldwater's failed 1964 presidential bid . In 1967 LaRue became a generous friend of the Nixon campaign . When the Republican National Convention came around the following year , he was a key Southern strategist in the Nixon election drive . In 1972 , after Mitchell resigned as attorney general to head the Committee to Re - Elect the President , known as CREEP , LaRue became a hard - core member of the "Mitchell group" at CREEP , along with Robert C . Mardian and Henry S . Fleming . He also worked closely with Magruder , the deputy campaign manager . They became so close that they were often referred to as one person , "Magrue . " LaRue was with Magruder , Mitchell and Mardian at a campaign stop in Los Angeles when the Watergate burglars were arrested , on June 17 , 1972 . G . Gordon Liddy , one of "the plumbers" - - the nickname for the clandestine White House operation that carried out the burglary - - phoned Magruder and LaRue during breakfast to break the news . Magruder took the call . "He said , 'That's Gordon Liddy . He wants me to go out to some air base and talk on a secure phone , ' " LaRue , recalling Magruder's words , told the Biloxi Sun Herald last year . "I said , 'Go get the damned pay phone . That's just as good , and find out what he wants . ' " According to Magruder's testimony before the Senate Watergate committee - - an account reportedly confirmed by LaRue - - he and LaRue worked in lock - step with Mitchell and Mardian from that day forward to concoct and maintain a coverup story . "I joined in that coverup , at least by acquiescence , " LaRue said in a statement after he admitted the government's charges against him . He also joined Mardian in destroying documents and financial records pertaining to the Watergate operation . Additionally , LaRue received more than $300 , 000 in cash , which he distributed to Watergate defendants and their lawyers . James W . McCord Jr . , one of the men arrested at the Watergate complex , said at the time that the money was paid to ensure that all the defendants would plead guilty and remain silent . Of the seven defendants , McCord and Liddy refused to plead guilty , but all were found guilty of conspiracy , burglary and wiretapping . Although the first to plead guilty in the coverup case , LaRue was the last defendant to be sentenced . He served most of a six - month sentence before returning to Mississippi . He was often mentioned as among those thought to be Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward's shadowy inside source , Deep Throat . Other candidates included Alexander Haig , Nixon's chief of staff and later President Reagan's secretary of State ; Earl J . Silbert , an original Watergate prosecutor ; and L . Patrick Gray , the acting FBI director , who lived near Woodward . LaRue denied the distinction , as did all the others , and conjectured that the legendary source was actually an amalgamation of figures close to the scandal . "Who . . . would it have been ? " he mused in an interview with a Biloxi reporter recently . "There were not that many people who knew the inside and out of what was going on . I don't think it would have been Magruder . It wasn't me . " Woodward , who said he would reveal Deep Throat's identity after the source died , could not be reached Wednesday .

28_6ecb.xml
The former FBI second-in-command who revealed himself as `` Deep Throat '' 30 years after he tipped off reporters to the Watergate scandal that toppled a president has died . Mark Felt was 95. John D. O'Connor , a family friend who wrote the 2005 Vanity Fair article uncovering Felt 's secret , says he died Thursday . The shadowy central figure in one of the most gripping political dramas of the 20th century , Felt insisted his alter ego be kept secret when he leaked damaging information about President Richard Nixon and his aides to The Washington Post . Some speculated that Felt was the source who connected the White House to the June 1972 break-in at the headquarters of the Democratic National Committee . He steadfastly denied the accusations until finally coming forward in May 2005 . In the last week of November , the National Archives released more than 10,000 pages of documents from the Nixon presidency , among them were the urgings of past and present FBI agents and other interested citizens to appoint Felt , then the No. 2 FBI official , as director . Associates described his `` outstanding loyalty . '' Nixon did not take the advice . Ultimately , Felt 's devastating leaks as The Washington Post 's secret Watergate source helped undermine Nixon 's presidency . Nixon , soon to be consumed by the Watergate investigation , passed over career agents including Felt when he selected loyalist L. Patrick Gray as FBI chief after the J. Edgar Hoover 's death in 1972 , just weeks before the Watergate break-in . Gray resigned the next year because of allegations he had destroyed Watergate documents . Felt 's supporters weighed in , with letters , telegrams and cards that have been in Nixon 's White House files all these years . `` He has the integrity , the ability , the experience and the image to insure that our FBI will continue to deserve and maintain world esteem , '' Harold L. Child Jr. , legal attache to the embassy in Japan and a 30-year FBI veteran , told Nixon in an April 1973 letter . Efton A. Stanfield , a former FBI special agent who was then an executive of the electrical contractors ' association , asked Nixon in a telegram to turn to the career professional to replace Gray . `` Mr. Felt is a man of outstanding loyalty , character , reputation , habits , '' he said . The `` fidelity , bravery , and integrity of Mr. Felt are unquestioned . '' Felt himself was the lead agent in a telegram sent to the White House by a group of agents asking that a highly qualified professional be nominated . The police chief in Kodiak , Alaska , made the case for Felt , and so did ordinary citizens . Writing from Brooklyn , N.Y. , Viena K. Neaville told Nixon that choosing Felt would be good for him because , `` You would be spared the tremendous aggravation to which you are subjected by so many factions . '' Nixon was spared no grief . He eventually chose William Ruckelshaus , who served at FBI only briefly . Deep Throat 's identity remained a mystery until Felt stepped forward in 2005 to acknowledge his clandestine role in bringing down Nixon . Bob Woodward of The Washington Post said he first spoke with Felt about Watergate two days after the break-in .

28_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . sun - sentinel . com sfl - 728larue . jpg , 0 , 5924311 . photo Watergate figure Fred LaRue , July 24 July 28 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a high - ranking Nixon administration official who served a 4 - 1 2 - month prison term for his role in Watergate and was among those rumored to be Deep Throat , has died . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday , July 27 , 2004 , by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Miss . The coroner believes LaRue died Saturday , July 24 , 2004 , of natural causes . LaRue was known as the ``bagman'' who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet . He was a special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Nixon's Committee to Re - elect the President . LaRue was present at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder at Nixon's vacation home in Key Biscayne where the plan to break in Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex allegedly was hatched . LaRue always said he advised against the burglary . He also discounted rumors he was Deep Throat .

28_7ecb.xml
Mark Felt , FBI official who became 'Deep Throat , ' dead at 95 W. Mark Felt , who was the No. 2 official at the FBI when he helped bring down President Richard M. Nixon by resisting the Watergate cover-up and becoming Deep Throat , the most famous anonymous source in American history , died on Thursday . He was 95 and lived in Santa Rosa . His death was confirmed by Rob Jones , his grandson . In 2005 , Felt revealed that he was the source who had secretly supplied Bob Woodward of The Washington Post with crucial leads in the Watergate affair in the early nineteen seventies . His decision to unmask himself , in an article in Vanity Fair , ended a guessing game that had gone on for more than 30 years . The disclosure even surprised Woodward and his partner on the Watergate story , Carl Bernstein . They had kept their promise not to reveal his identity until after his death . Indeed , Woodward was so scrupulous about shielding Felt that he did not introduce him to Bernstein until this year , 36 years after they cracked the scandal . The three met for two hours one afternoon in November in Santa Rosa , where Felt had retired . The reporters likened it to a family reunion . Felt played a dual role in Nixon 's downfall . As a secret informant , he kept the story alive in the press . As associate director of the FBI , he fought the president 's efforts to obstruct the FBI 's investigation of the Watergate break-in . Felt later said he believed that Nixon had been misusing the FBI for political advantage . He knew that Nixon wanted the Watergate affair to vanish . He knew that the White House had ordered the CIA to tell the bureau , on grounds of national security , to stand down in its felony investigation of the June 1972 break-in . He saw that order as an effort to obstruct justice , and he rejected it . That resistance led indirectly to Nixon 's resignation . Passed up for promotion Felt had expected to be named to succeed J. Edgar Hoover , who had run the bureau for 48 years and died in May 1972 . The president instead chose a politically loyal Justice Department official , L. Patrick Gray , who later followed orders from the White House to destroy documents in the case . The choice infuriated Felt . He later wrote that the president `` wanted a politician in J. Edgar Hoover 's position who would convert the bureau into an adjunct of the White House machine . '' Hoover had sworn off break-ins without warrants - `` black bag jobs , '' he called them - in 1966 , after carrying them out at the FBI for four decades . The Nixon White House hired its own operatives to steal information , plant eavesdropping equipment and hunt down the sources of leaks . The Watergate break-in took place six weeks after Hoover died . While Watergate was seething , Felt authorized nine illegal break-ins at the homes of friends and relatives of members of the Weather Underground , a violent left-wing splinter group . The people he chose as targets had committed no crimes . The FBI had no search warrants . He later said he ordered the break-ins because he felt national security required it . In a criminal trial , Felt was convicted in November 1980 of conspiring to violate the constitutional rights of Americans . Nixon , who had denounced him in private for leaking Watergate secrets , testified on his behalf . Called by the prosecution , he told the jury that presidents and by extension their officers had an inherent right to conduct illegal searches in the name of national security . `` As Deep Throat , Felt helped establish the principle that our highest government officials are subject to the Constitution and the laws of the land , '' the prosecutor , John W. Nields , wrote in The Washington Post in 2005 . `` Yet when it came to the Weather Underground bag jobs , he seems not to have been aware that this same principle applied to him . '' Seven months after the conviction , President Ronald Reagan pardoned Felt . Then 67 , Felt celebrated the decision as one of great symbolic value . `` This is going to be the biggest shot in the arm for the intelligence community for a long time , '' he said . After the pardon , Nixon sent him a congratulatory bottle of champagne . Felt then disappeared from public view for a quarter of a century , denying unequivocally , time and again , that he had been Deep Throat . It was a lie he told to serve what he believed to be a higher truth . William Mark Felt was born in Twin Falls , Idaho , on Aug. 17 , 1913 . After graduating from the University of Idaho , he was drawn to public service in Washington and went to work for Sen. James P. Pope , D-Idaho . In 1938 , he married his college sweetheart , Audrey Robinson , in Washington . They were wed by the chaplain of the House of Representatives . She died in 1984 . The couple had a daughter , Joan , and a son , Mark . They and four grandsons survive Felt . Days before Pearl Harbor , after earning a law degree in night classes at George Washington University , Felt applied to the FBI and joined it in January 1942 . He spent most of World War II hunting German spies . After stints in Seattle , New Orleans and Los Angeles , Hoover named him special agent in charge of the Salt Lake City and Kansas City offices in the late nineteen fifties . Rising to high positions at the headquarters in the 1960s , he oversaw the training of FBI agents and conducted internal investigations as chief of the inspection division . In early 1970 , while waiting in an anteroom of the West Wing of the White House , Felt chanced to meet a Navy lieutenant delivering classified messages to the National Security Council staff . The young man in dress blues was Bob Woodward . By his own description fiercely ambitious and in need of adult guidance , Woodward tried to wring career counseling from his elder . He left the White House with the number to Felt 's direct line at the FBI On July 1 , 1971 , Hoover promoted Felt to deputy associate director , the third in command at the headquarters , beneath Hoover 's right-hand man and longtime companion , Clyde A. Tolson . With both of his superiors in poor health , Felt increasingly took effective command of the daily work of the FBI . When Hoover died and Tolson retired , he saw his path to power cleared . But Nixon denied him , and he seethed with frustrated ambition in summer 1972 . Breaking Watergate One evening that summer , a few weeks after the Watergate break-in , Woodward , then a neophyte newspaperman , knocked on Felt 's door in pursuit of the story . Felt decided to cooperate with him and set up an elaborate system of espionage techniques for clandestine meetings with Woodward . If Woodward needed to talk , he would move a flowerpot planted with a red flag on the balcony of his apartment on P Street in Washington . If Felt had a message , Woodward 's home-delivered New York Times would arrive with an inked circle on Page 20 . Woodward would leave his apartment by the back alley that night and take one taxi to a downtown hotel , then a second to an underground parking garage in the Rosslyn section of Arlington , Virginia . Within weeks , Felt steered The Post to a story establishing that the Watergate break-in was part of `` a massive campaign of political spying and sabotage '' directed by the White House . For the next eight months , he did his best to keep the newspaper on the trail , largely by providing , on `` deep background , '' anonymous confirmation of facts reporters had gathered from others . The Post 's managing editor , Howard Simons , gave him his famous pseudonym , taken from the pornographic movie then in vogue . Millions of Americans knew him only as a shadowy figure in the 1976 movie made from the Watergate saga , `` All the President 's Men , '' which made `` Woodward and Bernstein '' legends of American journalism . In the movie , Deep Throat ( Hal Holbrook ) gives Woodward ( Robert Redford ) probably the most famous bit of free advice in the history of investigative journalism . It was a three-word road map to the heart of the matter : `` Follow the money . '' Felt never said it . It was part of the myth that surrounded Deep Throat .

28_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnews . com id 5539174 ns us _ news t fred - larue - watergate - figure - dies Fred LaRue , Watergate figure , dies at 75 Nixon administration aide was 'bagman' in cover - up updated 7 28 2004 3 : 02 : 00 PM ET Fred LaRue , a high - ranking Nixon administration official who served a prison term for his role in Watergate and was among those rumored to be Deep Throat , has died . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Coroner Gary Hargrove said . The coroner said he believes LaRue died Saturday of natural causes . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet , and served 4 months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . LaRue served as special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Nixon's Committee to Re - elect the President . LaRue was present at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder at Nixon's vacation home in Key Biscayne , Fla . , where the plan to break in Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex in Washington allegedly was hatched . LaRue said he advised against the burglary . Deep Throat connection ? LaRue discounted rumors that he was Deep Throat , saying the mysterious source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on the Watergate story was probably a combination of several people . Woodward says Deep Throat was an individual and not a composite , and promised to reveal his identity only after the source is dead . A request for comment from Woodward left with the newspaper Wednesday was not immediately returned . Among the other people who have been cited as possible Deep Throats are Earl J . Silbert , an original Watergate prosecutor ; Alexander Haig , who was Nixon's chief of staff and Ronald Reagan's secretary of state ; L . Patrick Gray , the acting FBI director who lived four blocks from Woodward ; and deputy White House counsel Fred Fielding . All have denied it . After his political career ended in scandal , LaRue returned to his home state of Mississippi to work in his family's oil company and with its real estate holdings . In an interview last summer with The Sun Herald newspaper , LaRue said Magruder lied when he claimed Nixon knew about the break - in . Magruder claimed Nixon approved the plan in a telephone conversation with Mitchell . Phone call disputed LaRue believed no such conversation occurred , saying he screened all the telephone calls on the getaway to Key Biscayne . "I'm exceedingly angry about it . I don't recall any phone call . I don't think there was one , " he said . If the president had approved the plan , LaRue believes that Mitchell would have told him . "There's absolutely no way , because of my unique relationship with John and Martha Mitchell , that he would not have told me that when I was in Key Biscayne , " LaRue said . "Absolutely no way . I had dinner with the Mitchells four or five times a week . It was not just a political relationship . It was a very personal relationship . "

28_8ecb.xml
Mark `` Deep Throat '' Felt Dead at 95 W. Mark Felt , Sr. , the number 2 man at the FBI during the Watergate scandal , died yesterday from Alzheimer 's disease at a hospice near his home in Santa Rosa , California , the Washington Post reports . Felt was an instrumental player in the stunning downfall of President Nixon , but his identity as `` Deep Throat '' -reporter Bob Woodard 's anonymous source for the Post 's bombshell series of scoops on the Watergate affair in 1972-was unknown until three years ago , when Felt 's family unmasked him in the pages of Vanity Fair . According to the Times , even Woodward was shocked at this ; he had gaurded the secret so zealously that even his partner Carl Bernstein did not meet Felt until earlier this year . Felt never revealed why he leaked details on the Watergate break-in and cover up to Woodward , but the Times obituary points out that in May 1972 Feld had been passed over by Nixon as Edgar Hoover 's successor to run the bureau .

28_8ecbplus.xml
http : amarillo . com stories 072904 usn _ watergate . shtml Watergate figure Fred LaRue found dead in hotel Posted : Thursday , July 29 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a high - ranking Nixon administration official who served a prison term for his role in Watergate and was among those rumored to be Deep Throat , has died . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Coroner Gary Hargrove said . The coroner said he thinks LaRue died Saturday of natural causes . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet and served 412 months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . LaRue served as special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Nixon's Committee to Re - elect the President . LaRue discounted rumors that he was Deep Throat , saying the source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on the Watergate story was probably a combination of people .

28_9ecb.xml
W. Mark Felt , who remained anonymous for more than three decades as the source known as `` Deep Throat '' in the 1972 Watergate scandal that toppled Richard Nixon 's presidency , has died . Felt died at his home in Santa Rosa , California , Thursday , the Press Democrat newspaper reported , citing Felt 's grandson Nick Jones . Felt provided tips and information that guided Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein as they wrote stories stemming from the bungled burglary of the Democratic Party National Committee headquarters in 1972 . President Nixon ultimately resigned as a consequence of the White House role in the scandal and in the cover-up that followed . The identity of Felt , a former associate director at the Federal Bureau of Investigation , remained a secret until May 2005 , when Woodward and Bernstein confirmed revelations published in an article in the July issue of Vanity Fair . `` Because of his position virtually atop the chief investigative agency , his words and guidance had immense , at times even staggering , authority , '' Woodward said in an article in the Washington Post on June 2 , 2005 . The story of `` Deep Throat , '' a name borrowed from the title of a 1972 pornographic film , assumed legendary status as academics and history buffs clamored to unlock the enigma that played a role in Nixon 's resignation in 1974 . As early as October 1972 , Nixon himself voiced suspicion that Felt may be leaking information to the press and Attorney General Richard Kleindienst had pressured FBI Acting Director L. Patrick Gray to fire his deputy . Felt denied his role repeatedly and stayed at the FBI until his retirement in June 1973 . `` The thing that stuns me is that the goddamn secret has lasted this long , '' Ben Bradlee , who oversaw almost 400 stories on Watergate when he was the Washington Post 's executive editor , said after the May 2005 revelations . Although he knew the paper 's source was a high-ranking government official , Bradlee did n't find out Felt 's name until Nixon resigned . Felt was one of many people rumored to be `` Deep Throat . '' Others included Alexander Haig , Nixon 's White House chief of staff ; former National Security Adviser Henry Kissinger ; Fred Fielding , assistant to White House Counsel John Dean ; and George H.W. Bush , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations at the time . Speculation also surrounded former U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist , whose poor health coincided with unfounded reports that `` Deep Throat '' was gravely ill .

28_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com story 2004 07 28 nixon - aide - fred - larue - dies - at - 75 Nixon Aide Fred LaRue Dies at 75 Published July 28 , 2004 Fred LaRue , a high - ranking Nixon administration official who served a prison term for his role in Watergate and was among those rumored to be Deep Throat , has died . He was 75 . His body was discovered Tuesday by a maid who entered his hotel room in Biloxi , Coroner Gary Hargrove said . The coroner said he believes LaRue died Saturday of natural causes . LaRue was known as the "bagman" who delivered payoffs to keep participants in the Watergate break - in quiet , and served 4 months in federal prison for conspiracy to obstruct justice . LaRue served as special assistant to John Mitchell , the former attorney general who later headed President Nixon's Committee to Re - elect the President . LaRue was present at a 1972 meeting with Mitchell and Nixon aide Jeb Stuart Magruder at Nixon's vacation home in Key Biscayne , Fla . , where the plan to break in Democratic headquarters at the Watergate complex in Washington allegedly was hatched . LaRue said he advised against the burglary . LaRue discounted rumors that he was Deep Throat , saying the mysterious source for Washington Post reporters Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein on the Watergate story was probably a combination of several people . Woodward says Deep Throat was an individual and not a composite , and promised to reveal his identity only after the source is dead . Among the other people who have been cited as possible Deep Throats are Earl J . Silbert , an original Watergate prosecutor ; Alexander Haig , who was Nixon's chief of staff and Ronald Reagan's secretary of state ; L . Patrick Gray , the acting FBI director who lived four blocks from Woodward ; and deputy White House counsel Fred Fielding . All have denied it . After his political career ended in scandal , LaRue returned to his home state of Mississippi to work in his family's oil company and with its real estate holdings . In an interview last summer with The Sun Herald newspaper , LaRue said Magruder lied when he claimed President Nixon knew about the break - in . Magruder claimed Nixon approved the plan in a telephone conversation with Mitchell . LaRue believed no such conversation occurred , saying he screened all the telephone calls on the getaway to Key Biscayne . "I'm exceedingly angry about it . I don't recall any phone call . I don't think there was one , " he said . If the president had approved the plan , LaRue believes that Mitchell would have told him . "There's absolutely no way , because of my unique relationship with John and Martha Mitchell , that he would not have told me that when I was in Key Biscayne , " LaRue said . "Absolutely no way . I had dinner with the Mitchells four or five times a week . It was not just a political relationship . It was a very personal relationship . "

