29_10ecb.xml
Colts Clinch Playoff Berth With 31-24 Victory Against Jaguars Keiwan Ratliff scored on a 35-yard interception return last night to give the Indianapolis Colts a 31-24 win over the Jacksonville Jaguars and the No. 5 seed position in the National Football League playoffs . The Colts , trailing 14-0 at the start of the second quarter , scored 17 unanswered points in the fourth quarter to clinch their eighth straight win . Dallas Clark scored on a one- yard pass and Adam Vinatieri tied the game at 24-24 with a 45-yard field goal before Ratliff intercepted a David Garrard pass , the only turnover of the game , for the winning touchdown . `` We were grateful for the win , '' Colts coach Tony Dungy said in a post-game broadcast interview . `` For a long time there it was in doubt . '' Peyton Manning completed 29 of 34 passes for 364 yards and three touchdowns as the Colts ( 11-4 ) recorded their sixth come- from-behind win this season . `` We 've overcome a lot of obstacles , '' Manning said . `` We just keep fighting . '' The Jaguars ( 5-10 ) opened the scoring at Jacksonville Stadium in the first quarter with a 28-yard pass from Garrard to Dennis Northcutt . Garrard , who completed 28 passes for 329 yards , ran for two yards to give Jacksonville a 14-0 lead in the second quarter . Manning then threw a 41-yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne before Jaguars kicker Josh Scobee made a 44-yard field goal to give Jacksonville a 17-7 halftime lead . Manning connected with Dominic Rhodes on a 10-yard scoring pass in the third quarter , which was countered by Montell Owens 's two-yard run to give the Jaguars a 24-14 lead . The Colts dominated the final period . Clark collected a one-yard touchdown pass with 12 minutes , 31 seconds remaining before Vinatieri tied the game and Ratliff got the winning touchdown .

29_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . colts . com news article - 1 COLTS - TOP - CHIEFS - 20 - 13 - REACH - PLAYOFFS 18bab7d6 - 6c12 - 4873 - ab0b - b33b42a9065c COLTS TOP CHIEFS , 20 - 13 , REACH PLAYOFFS Posted Dec 23 , 2012 Indianapolis lost a 10 - point halftime lead at Kansas City , but responded down the stretch with a touchdown with 4 : 08 to go to earn a 10th victory and a playoff berth with a 20 - 13 victory . It was not pretty , but add it up after 60 minutes and the Colts will be wearing their white jerseys at least one more time this season . A Reggie Wayne seven - yard touchdown reception with just more than four minutes remaining gave the Colts a 20 - 13 lead at Kansas City , and the defense made it hold up as the 10th win for Indianapolis ( 10 - 5 ) clinched a playoff berth . The Colts jumped out to a 13 - 3 halftime lead thanks to cornerback Darius Butler returning an interception 32 yards for a touchdown early in the first quarter . It was Butler ’ s second interception returned for a touchdown this year , and the score tied a Colts club record with a total of four on the season . Any chance for a second half without drama quickly was put to rest as the Chiefs ( 2 - 13 ) came out and tied the game with 6 : 00 minutes remaining in the third quarter . Jamaal Charles cut into the deficit on the first play of the half with an 86 - yard touchdown run , the longest rush allowed in franchise history . Ryan Succop hit a 47 - yard field goal moments later to tie the game . With the offense struggling to sustain drives , it was the Indianapolis defense that stood tall with a stand . The Chiefs were stuffed on a fourth - and - one in Colts territory early in the fourth quarter , and the momentum carried over to offensive side of the ball . The Colts embarked on a 13 - play , 73 - yard drive that was capped off when quarterback Andrew Luck found Wayne in the back of the end zone for the game - winning score . For the season , the Colts were 4 - 4 on the road and moved their record to 9 - 1 in one - possession games . Luck also set an NFL rookie record for a season with 4 , 183 passing yards . Defensively , the Colts forced three turnovers , with inside linebacker Pat Angerer causing a fumble in the first half . Cornerback Vontae Davis recorded his first interception in a Colts uniform in the third quarter , thwarting another Chiefs drive in Indianapolis territory . Bruce Arians tied an NFL record with nine wins as an interim head coach . Arians tied the marks set by Hamp Pool of the Rams in 1952 and Wally Lemm of Houston in 1961 . Indianapolis will close out the regular season next Sunday when the Houston Texans ( 12 - 3 ) head to Lucas Oil Stadium .

29_11ecb.xml
Manning picks apart Jaguars Peyton Manning was nearly perfect , exactly what the Indianapolis Colts needed to overcome all the emotion the Jacksonville Jaguars got from Richard Collier 's return . Manning completed his first 17 passes , picked apart Jacksonville 's secondary and led the Colts to their eighth consecutive win and seventh straight playoff berth . Manning threw for 364 yards and three touchdowns , and the visiting Colts secured the No. 5 seed in the AFC playoffs with a 31-24 victory over the Jaguars on Thursday night . They won without receiver Marvin Harrison ( hamstring ) , running back Joseph Addai ( shoulder ) and linebacker Gary Brackett ( leg ) . The Jaguars ( 5-10 ) lost for the seventh time in the past nine games and fell to 2-6 at home this season . This one may have been more emotionally draining than any of the others . Collier , a 6-foot-7 offensive linemen paralyzed from the waist down following a shooting in early September , returned to the field for the first time and was recognized during pregame ceremonies . He drove onto the field , sat next to his teammates during the national anthem and then headed to midfield as an honorary team captain for the coin toss . `` It 's a bittersweet moment , '' Collier said . `` I 'm here now , but I 'm not a player anymore . But it 's also great with all the love that 's been shown from everybody . It was like I 'm back at home . Everybody showed me love . It was good . '' Adam `` Pacman '' Jones says the herniated disk in his neck that forced him to miss Dallas ' last game was bothering him even before he took a hard hit . Jones was injured in the first quarter two Sundays ago at Pittsburgh in his first game after a six-week suspension for violating the league 's personal conduct policy . He finished that game , but tests showed a herniated disk and there was talk of shutting him down for the season . The short conversation at his locker made for Jones ' first public comments since before the alcohol-related scuffle with one of his bodyguards Oct. 7 that led to his suspension . After not playing Sunday night against the New York Giants , Jones returned to practice this week after doctors re-evaluated his condition . He is expected to start at cornerback and return kicks Saturday night against Baltimore . Wide receiver Anquan Boldin and running back J.J. Arrington could be sidelined at New England on Sunday because of injuries . Boldin has a shoulder injury . Arrington has a sore knee . They both sat out practice Wednesday and Thursday . Tarvaris Jackson has reclaimed his starting spot at quarterback for Minnesota . Coach Brad Childress said the decision has nothing to do with the health of Gus Frerotte and everything to do with the way Jackson has played the last two weeks . The Vikings need a victory or a Chicago loss in the final two weeks to wrap up their first division title since 2000 . St. Louis placed wide receiver and kick returner Derek Stanley and linebacker Gary Stills on injured reserve . Stanley tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in Sunday 's loss to Seattle and is expected to be out six to eight months after surgery . Stills had been playing with bone chips in his left knee and is scheduled to have surgery today . Pro Bowl cornerback Cortland Finnegan was fined $ 25,000 by the NFL for two hard hits on Houston quarterback Matt Schaub last weekend .

29_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article indianapolis - colts - clinch - playoff - berth - with - win - over - kansas - city - chiefs Indianapolis Colts clinch playoff berth with win over Kansas City Chiefs December 23 , 2012 Going into week 16 , the Indianapolis Colts controlled their own destiny of making it to post - season play . The Colts could clinch a playoff berth with a win over the Kansas City Chiefs or a Pittsburgh Steelers loss . As they have done all season , the Colts refused to let their fate be decided by anyone other than themselves . The young team fought hard to defeat the Chiefs in another fourth quarter victory , 20 - 13 . Although they started the game with a three - and - out , the Colts were able to light up the scoreboard first . Corner back Darius Butler intercepted Brady Quinn for a 32 yard defensive touchdown . This was Butler's second pick - six of the season , his first against the Jacksonville Jaguars . The Colts defense was able to keep the Chiefs out of the end zone in the first half . Throughout the game , the Chiefs defense and running game posed a serious threat to the Colts shot at the playoffs . The Chiefs rushed for over 350 yards giving their two leading running backs over 100 yards each . Jamaal Charles rushed for 226 yards while Peyton Hillis added 101 . Kansas City emerged from the locker room with an extra burst of energy . Charles kicked off the second half with an 86 yard rushing touchdown . Despite their intimidating numbers on the ground , the Chiefs were not able to find any consistency in their passing game . Aside from Charles' second quarter score , Kansas City failed to find themselves in the end zone . A Ryan Succop field goal tied the game at 13 late in the third quarter . After failing to convert on a crucial fourth down , the Chiefs gave the Colts possession early in the fourth . As they have done a number of times in the fourth quarter , the Colts capitalized on this opportunity . Andrew Luck completed his first and only touchdown pass of the day to Reggie Wayne , putting the Colts up once again . In the end , the Colts held on to their 20 - 13 lead , winning the game and securing a spot in the playoffs . The Colts now will end the season with a double digit number in the win column , five times as many as last season . Indianapolis' head coach Chuck Pagano , is expected to rejoin his team just as they prepare for the post - season . Pagano has proven to be a source of motivation and inspiration to the Colts this season . The odds may be stacked against them , the Colts certainly have what it takes to make the unbelievable happen . They have overcome a number of obstacles this season , far surpassing any expectations placed upon them . The Colts will face their division rivals , the Houston Texans , at home in Indianapolis for their final game of the regular season . The Colts were defeated by the Texans in week 14 . With a clinched playoff berth , the Colts can focus on how they will match up against a playoff - caliber team before Wildcard Weekend .

29_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article chiefs - lose - 20 - 13 - to - colts - despite - charles - 226 - yards - rushing Chiefs lose 20 - 13 to Colts despite Charles ’ 226 yards rushing December 23 , 2012 On a day when the Kansas City Chiefs rushed for the 3rd - most yards in franchise history and the defense played well for 55 minutes of the game , the Chiefs lost to the Indianapolis Colts , 20 - 13 , and kept their grip on the #1 pick in the 2013 NFL Draft . By beating the Chiefs , Indianapolis ’ record rose to 9 - 5 and they locked up a playoff spot just one season after posting the worst record in the NFL in 2011 – a Chiefs - like 2 - 14 mark . Meanwhile , the Chiefs lost their 13th game of the season and could tie the franchise mark of 14 losses next week in Denver against Peyton Manning and the Broncos . The 2008 Chiefs ended the season with a 2 - 14 record . On the only positive note for the game , the Chiefs had two players rush for over 100 yards apiece –something that hasn ’ t happened to the franchise since 1991 . Jamaal Charles ( 226 yards ) and Peyton Hillis ( 101 yards ) led a powerful attack that , for any team other than the 2012 Chiefs , would have nearly guaranteed a victory . KC ended the game with 352 net yards rushing . The 1961 Dallas Texans rushed for 398 yards against Houston ( 10 1 61 ) and the ’ 66 squad gained 380 yards rushing against Denver ( 10 23 66 ) . But this year ’ s team was undone again by three turnovers , a missed field goal , and untimely penalties that wiped out scoring drives . Brady Quinn threw two interceptions , both of which had a devastating effect on the Chiefs . The first occurred on Kansas City ’ s opening drive when Quinn threw behind receiver Dexter McCluster and Colts cornerback , Darius Butler , picked it off and returned it 32 yards for a touchdown , putting Indy up 7 - 0 . Quinn ’ s second interception of the game came at a crucial point in the 4th quarter with the team trailing 13 - 10 and with the ball at the Indy 14 - yard line . Quinn underthrew a pass in the end zone to receiver Jon Baldwin and was picked off by Vontae Davis for an Indianapolis touchback . Yet another potential scoring opportunity blown for the Chiefs . Quinn threw a third interception – and his second to Davis in consecutive series – but it was overturned when Davis was called for pass interference . Any honest Chiefs fan would say that it was the most “ phantom ” interference penalty ever as Davis never appeared to touch KC receiver Jamar Newsome . Kicker Ryan Succop showed his Jekyll Hyde nature in the first quarter by nailing a 47 - yard field goal that looked good the moment he kicked it , but then missing a 43 - yarder that would have made the score 7 - 6 . Towards the end of the first half , Charles made his only mistake of the day by fumbling at the Indianapolis 16 - yard line , snuffing out another scoring opportunity with the Chiefs behind 10 - 3 . The Colts turned the fumble into another field goal and went into halftime leading KC , 13 - 3 . As the second half opened , the Chiefs looked like they were going to go into self - destruct mode again when return man , Devon Wylie , inexplicably tried to return the second - half kickoff from deep in his own end zone and was swarmed under at the 14 - yard line by Indy . The few Chiefs fans remaining in the stands undoubtedly thought about going home early and getting a head start on dinner . ( Personal note : Somebody on the special teams ’ coaching staff needs to put leg chains on Wylie , who apparently thinks he is former All - Pro return man , Dante Hall . Wylie brings out EVERY kick and more often than not , doesn ’ t get the ball back to the 20 - yard line . ) But , showing why he is the best player on the team , Charles took a handoff around the left end and with some terrific downfield blocking by Baldwin , romped 86 yards for the Chiefs first touchdown in nine quarters of football – ironically since Charles ’ 80 - yard TD run on the opening play of the Cleveland game two weeks ago . Colts – 13 , Chiefs – 10 and a new ballgame . Both defenses tightened up in the second half , but the key play of the game came with 10 minutes left in the fourth quarter and the score tied 13 - 13 . The Chiefs faced a 4th - and - inches at the Indy 27 - yd line , but despite having Hillis and Charles in the backfield , coaches Romeo Crennel and offensive coordinator Brian Daboll decided to have Quinn try a quarterback sneak . Quinn was stopped short and the Colts took the ball over on downs . It was here that Chiefs fans could see what might have been had they had this awful season LAST YEAR when Colts QB Andrew Luck was the top prize of the draft . Luck had struggled all day long under pressure from the Chiefs defense and the rookie looked very ordinary . However , when it counted , he looked like Joe Montana . Luck calmly led the Colts on a 13 - play drive that culminated in a laser - like TD throw to Reggie Wayne that put the Colts up 20 - 13 . I say that Chiefs fans could only dream of having Luck because if there was ever an indictment of the Chiefs QB situation , it came on the next series of downs . With four minutes left in the game , Wylie AGAIN brought the kick - off out of the end zone and was tackled at the 10 - yard line . ( Seriously … somebody cut him now . ) With 90 yards to go and two time outs ( plus the two - minute warning ) in their pocket the Chiefs put a big red ribbon on this turd of a season for fans by running the following “ game - winning ” plays : 1st - and - 10 – Quinn pass incomplete short right to Steve Maneri 2nd - and - 10 – Jamaal Charles up middle for 2 yards 3rd - and - 8 – ( Shotgun formation ) Peyton Hillis around right end for - 2 yards 4th - and - 10 – Dustin Colquitt punt So on a day when at least nine NFL quarterbacks threw for 300 yards or more ( and three threw for 400+ ) , the Chiefs wouldn ’ t let their #1 quarterback attempt to win a game with his arm . One could only assume it ’ s because the odds of Jamaal Charles ripping off another 90 - yard run was more likely than any of the stiffs playing QB for the Chiefs leading a game - winning drive . Then , like the Grinch that really wanted to screw the fans' holidays , the defense couldn ’ t stop the Colts offense as Indy easily picked up a first down and ran out the clock . Luckily for KC fans , the final indignities of the season will end next week when the free agent QB that infamously spurned the Chiefs , Peyton Manning , leads his 12 - 3 Broncos against KC in what may be Romeo Crennel and Scott Pioli ’ s last games with the Chiefs . Manning and the Broncos have a legitimate shot at getting the #1 seed in the AFC for the playoffs , so they won't be resting anyone for the last game . Well , at least not until Denver is up by four touchdowns , which may be halftime .

29_13ecbplus.xml
http : hillnholler . net 2012 12 23 chiefs - lose - 20 - 13 - to - a - fourth - quarter - indianapolis - colt - stampede Chiefs lose 20 - 13 to a fourth quarter Indianapolis Colt stampede Sunday 23 Dec 2012 The Kansas City Chiefs lost possibly the best game they ’ ve played this season . They lost to a fourth quarter Colt stampede 20 - 13 . This time it was coach Romeo Crennel ’ s fault . There they were on the Colts 27 - yard line with inches to go for a first down and Crennel decides to go for it . He should have played it safe with a field goal . They blew it on a quarterback sneak . The score was tied 13 - 13 . They handed the ball over to the Colts at the 27 - yard line and the Colts took it back down the field for a fourth quarter touchdown and won the game . This was a game that saw a great performance by their running backs Jamaal Charles and former Razorback Peyton Hillis . Charles turned in a 86 - yard touchdown run and rushed for a total of 226 yards and Hillis rushed for more than a hundred yards . Put it all together and the Chiefs gained 507 yards and still managed — through penalties , interceptions and fumbles — to lose the game . Astounding ! This gave the Colts a 9 - 5 season and eligibility for the playoffs . I guess it ’ s possible to put together a team that so consistently shoots itself in the foot , but the Chiefs are an incredible collection of screwups with a few brilliant players who come out every week and make it look like it might be a football team . But are usually thwarted by the goofups ; some must come off that field shaking their heads and fondering in frustration . This is the Chiefs ’ last home game of the season , and it would have been nice if they could have won it . Oh well , next week they journey to Denver to take on the Broncos in their mile high city with their rarified air . Denver is not going to be a pushover . The Broncos are 12 - 3 for the season after defeating the Cleveland Browns 34 - 12 Sunday . Denver is up for the number one seed and the Chiefs down in the basement with a 2 - 13 season . Hope springs eternal . . . .

29_1ecb.xml
Peyton Manning was nearly perfect , which was exactly what the Indianapolis Colts needed Thursday night to overcome the emotion the Jacksonville Jaguars showed with Richard Collier 's return . Analysis and discussion of the N.F.L. on the New York Times pro football blog . Manning threw for 364 yards and three touchdowns , helping the Colts secure the No. 5 seed in the American Football Conference playoffs with a 31-24 victory over the Jaguars in Jacksonville , Fla . Collier , a Jaguars tackle , was paralyzed below the waist after he was shot in early September . Manning completed his first 17 passes in leading the Colts to their eighth consecutive victory and seventh straight playoff berth . Indianapolis ( 11-4 ) took its first lead of the game when Keiwan Ratliff intercepted a pass from David Garrard and returned it 35 yards for a touchdown and a 31-24 lead with 4 minutes 48 seconds remaining . The Jaguars had two chances to tie the score , but both drives ended with sacks . Garrard drove Jacksonville to the 7-yard line with 29 seconds remaining , but Maurice Jones-Drew sprained his knee on a reception , and since the Jaguars had no timeouts , 10 seconds ran off . Garrard misfired on first down , then got sacked by Dwight Freeney to end the game . The Colts overcame a 14-0 deficit in the second quarter and a 24-14 deficit early in the fourth . They won without receiver Marvin Harrison ( hamstring ) , running back Joseph Addai ( shoulder ) and linebacker Gary Brackett ( leg ) . TWO MORE RAMS OUT St. Louis lost two more players for the rest of the season , placing wide receiver and kick returner Derek Stanley and linebacker Gary Stills on injured reserve . The moves brought to 12 the number of Rams players on injured reserve Stanley tore the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee in Sunday 's loss to Seattle and was expected to be out six to eight months after surgery . Stills had been playing with bone chips in his left knee and was scheduled to have surgery on Friday . Offensive tackle Jonathan Scott was signed by Buffalo to fill the roster spot left open after defensive end Aaron Schobel was placed on injured reserve last week . Scott had six starts in 20 appearances over two seasons with the Lions . Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo said he did not anticipate any problem being ready for the next game , even in a shortened week . Romo said he would be ready Saturday night when Dallas plays its Texas Stadium finale against the Baltimore Ravens . Running back Marion Barber did not practice Thursday and was considered a game-time decision , as he was a week ago when he had only 2 yards on 8 carries . Barber has been hampered by a broken pinkie toe that forced him to miss a game . Tarvaris Jackson has reclaimed his starting spot at quarterback for Minnesota . Coach Brad Childress said the decision has nothing to do with the health of Gus Frerotte and everything to do with the way Jackson has played the last two weeks . Jackson , who was benched after losses to Green Bay and Indianapolis to start the season , now finds himself leading the Vikings ( 9-5 ) into a crucial game with Atlanta on Sunday . A win would give the Vikings their first N.F.C. North title .

29_1ecbplus.xml
http : sports . yahoo . com news colts - beat - chiefs - 20 - 13 - 212218446 - - nfl . html Colts beat Chiefs 20 - 13 to clinch playoff berth December 23 , 2012 6 : 11 PM The expectations placed upon Andrew Luck almost seemed unfair . Being the heir to Peyton Manning in Indianapolis is heady stuff for a rookie taking the reins of a franchise that won two games last season . Now , after guiding the Colts back to the playoffs - and breaking Cam Newton's single - season passing record for a first - year player - it's safe to say Luck exceeded just about all of them . Luck threw for 205 yards Sunday , and his 7 - yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne on third - and - goal late in the fourth quarter gave the Colts a 20 - 13 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs . That put them into the playoffs without worrying about anybody else . ''Would we have done it without him ? '' Colts interim coach Bruce Arians asked . ''No . '' Luck broke Newton's record of 4 , 051 yards passing in the second quarter . But it was extending his own rookie record for fourth - quarter comebacks to seven was more important . The Chiefs had rallied behind Jamaal Charles' 226 yards rushing to tie the game 13 - 13 heading into the fourth quarter . The Colts' defense stuffed quarterback Brady Quinn on fourth - and - inches to give Luck a chance . That's all he needed . After a miserable stretch in which he connected on 1 of 13 passes , the fabulous freshman calmly led Indianapolis ( 10 - 5 ) downfield . He completed a key pass to T . Y . Hilton on third down and made two nice throws to Wayne before hitting the veteran in the back of the end zone . ''We had so many opportunities all game , especially on third down , that we squandered , '' Wayne said . ''We wanted to get that done . That was the opportune time to do it . '' Darius Butler returned an interception 32 yards for the Colts' other touchdown , helping them join the 2008 Miami Dolphins as the only teams to win at least 10 games after losing 14 or more the previous season . Most of those wins have come under Arians , who has filled in admirably while Chuck Pagano underwent treatment for leukemia . Pagano is expected to rejoin the Colts this week . ''Mission accomplished . That's all I can say , '' Arians said . ''Without getting emotional again , knowing that ( Pagano ) is going to be back Monday , the work week shouldn't be as stressful . '' Charles' big day included an 86 - yard touchdown run on the first play of the second half . It was his second 200 - yard game of the season , and came one week after he managed 10 yards on nine carries against Oakland . ''It was fun today , competing out there and doing it while we were trying to come back , '' Charles said . ''It was fun going out there and putting out a performance like that . '' Charles joined the Titans' Chris Johnson and former Lions great Barry Sanders as the only players with three runs of 80 or more yards in a season . His third career 200 - yard game also set a franchise record , which he had shared with Larry Johnson . Peyton Hillis added 101 yards on the ground for the Chiefs ( 2 - 13 ) , who had 352 yards rushing in a losing effort - the first time that's happened in NFL history . A big reason why was Quinn , who was just 10 of 22 for 162 yards with two interceptions . ''This game was without a doubt , 100 percent on my shoulders , '' he said . ''You can't play the way I played today and win a football game . '' His trouble began with the Chiefs' fifth offensive play , when he threw woefully behind Dexter McCluster - who wasn't even looking for the ball . Butler picked off the pass in stride , taking it untouched to the end zone for a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City managed a field goal by Ryan Succop , but he missed his next try and the Colts went the other direction to set up the first of Adam Vinatieri's two field goals . Charles fumbled in the red zone later in the second quarter , and the Colts moved into Vinatieri's range for a 36 - yard field goal and a 13 - 3 halftime lead . Charles electrified a sparse crowd on the first play of the second half . He angled to the left and then found room down the sideline , cutting back toward the middle of the field and winning a foot - race with the Indianapolis defense for an 86 - yard touchdown run . The Chiefs were in position to take the lead later in the third quarter , but Quinn was picked off by Vontae Davis in the end zone . The defense forced a three - and - out and Kansas City was driving again before settling for Succop's tying 47 - yard field goal . The Chiefs got the ball back again late in the fourth quarter , but Quinn was stuffed on a quarterback sneak on fourth - and - inches from the Indianapolis 27 . That turned the ball over to Luck , who completed an 11 - yard pass to T . Y . Hilton to convert a third down before he and Wayne won it . ''At times it looked a little bleak , '' Arians said . ''Guys hung in there , made plays when they had to make them . Offensively we struggled , and then put together a drive , like we have all year . '' Notes : Chiefs WR Terrance Copper ( left knee ) and DT Tyson Jackson ( left foot ) left with injuries . . . . Wayne had five catches to become the fifth player in NFL history with four 100 - catch seasons . He also became the 14th player to reach 13 , 000 yards receiving .

29_2ecb.xml
Colts clinch playoff spot by beating Jags Quarterback Peyton Manning was nearly perfect as the Colts beat the host Jaguars , 31-24 , on Thursday night . Manning completed his first 17 passes , picked apart Jacksonville 's secondary and led the Colts to their eighth consecutive win and seventh straight playoff berth . The Colts ( 11-4 ) secured the No. 5 seed in the AFC playoffs . Wide receiver Anquan Boldin and running back J.J. Arrington could be sidelined for Sunday 's game at New England because of injuries . Offensive tackle Jonathan Scott was signed to fill the roster spot left open after defensive end Aaron Schobel was placed on injured reserve . Adam ( Pacman ) Jones says the herniated disk in his neck that forced him to miss the last game was bothering him even before he took a hard hit . Jones was injured in the first quarter two Sundays ago at Pittsburgh in his first game after a six-week suspension for violating the league 's personal conduct policy . He finished that game , but tests showed a disk problem , and there was talk of shutting him down for the season . Pro Bowl cornerback Cortland Finnegan has been fined $ 25,000 by the NFL for two hard hits on Houston quarterback Matt Schaub last weekend . Finnegan told the Tennessean he planned to appeal . The Rams lost two more players for the rest of the season , placing wide receiver and kick returner Derek Stanley and linebacker Gary Stills on injured reserve . Defensive end Kyle Vanden Bosch watched practice , two days after having surgery on his groin , and said he feels better . Vanden Bosch will miss the last games of the regular season because of an injury . He expects to be back when the Titans host a divisional playoff either Jan. 10 or Jan. 11 .

29_2ecbplus.xml
http : profootballtalk . nbcsports . com 2012 12 23 colts - clinch - playoff - berth - with - 20 - 13 - win - in - k - c Colts clinch playoff berth with 20 - 13 win in K . C . Posted on December 23 , 2012 , 4 : 42 PM EDT The connection between quarterback Andrew Luck and wide receiver Reggie Wayne has been vital to the Colts ’ success this season . It paid off one more time for the game - winning play in Week 16 . Luck hit Wayne for a seven - yard touchdown with just over four minutes to play to break a 13 - 13 tie and put the Colts on the verge of a playoff berth . The defense forced a three - and - out and rookie running back Vick Ballard ran for a first down to ice the game on the next Colts possession . Give the Colts defense a lot of credit for this one . Darius Butler ’ s interception return opened the scoring for them and they stuffed Chiefs quarterback Brady Quinn short on a fourth - and - inches play early in the fourth quarter . The Colts took the ball and went 73 yards in 13 plays to set up Wayne ’ s game - winning score . It had not been a great day for the Colts offense to that point , but they were able to come up with the drive they needed to punch their postseason ticket . While you ’ re giving the defense credit , though , make sure that you ’ re careful to note all the chances the defense gave Kansas City as well . Jamaal Charles had 226 yards on 22 carries , including an 86 - yard touchdown run , and Peyton Hillis ran for 101 yards . Given the lack of threat posed by Quinn , it ’ s pretty damning that the Colts couldn ’ t keep Kansas City from running the ball . That will likely be something for Chuck Pagano to worry about . The head coach is expected to return to work on Monday after months away from the team battling leukemia . Fixing the run defense before the playoffs will be hard , but it ’ s a good problem to have after drafting first overall last April .

29_3ecb.xml
Colts Top Jags To Make Playoffs The Indianapolis Colts will be making their seventh straight playoff appearance after securing that spot with a 31-24 win over the Jacksonville Jaguars last night in Jacksonville . The Colts ( 11-4 ) also won their eighth straight game in defeating the Jags ( 5-10 ) who raced out to an early 14-0 lead in the game . In fact , the Colts did n't take their first lead until former Gator defensive back Keiwan Ratliff intercepted a David Garrard pass and returned it for a touchdown to give the Colts a 31-24 lead . The Jags drove down to the Colts 7 yard line but a pass to running back Maurice Jones-Drew was completed and he hurt his knee on the play . The Jags had no timeouts left and by injury rule at that time a 10 second clock runoff was instituted and the game ended .

29_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . stampedeblue . com 2012 12 23 3798938 colts - beat - chiefs - 20 - 13 - clinch - 5th - seed - in - afc - playoffs Colts Beat Chiefs 20 - 13 , Clinch 5th Seed In AFC Playoffs on Dec 23 2012 , 5 : 03p Andrew Luck wielded his fourth quarter magic wand yet again , willing Colts to victory over hapless Chiefs and into the 2012 playoffs ! What a remarkable story . Too bad the game that put the 2012 Indianapolis Colts into the playoffs was such a dud . But , a win is a win , and prior to the start of the 2012 regular season , very few ( if any ! ) people had the Colts winning ten games and earning a post - season birth . On Sunday , in their Week 16 match - up with a Kansas City team some thought would be a playoff contender in 2012 , the Colts took care of business and dispatched the Chiefs 20 - 13 . The key to the game was ( drrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrums rolling . . . ) turnovers ! Kansas City had several . The Colts had zilcho . Two Brady Quinn interceptions and a boneheaded fumbled by Jamaal Charles were what won this game for the Colts . That , and some fourth quarter heroics by the offense , but mostly it was KC just being really , really bad . For the second time this season , Darius Butler picked off a pass and returned it for a TD . In this game , he did it on KC's opening driving , scooping the ball off the turf and scampering in from 32 yards out to give the Colts a 7 - 0 lead . Unfortunately , the Colts offense simply could not sustain drives . Dropped passes ( I counted three ) were the bane of Indy's offense early on . Because drives could not be sustained , the Chiefs began to gash the Colts in the running game . KC blasted Indy with 352 net rushing yards . Three hundred and fifty two ! Jesus H . Christ ! Still , to further illustrate to you , our well - informed readers , how running the football is nearly meaningless in this league , the Chiefs never led in this game despite running all over an extremely porous and injured Colts defense . Part of the reason KC ran so effectively was the awful play of Pat Angerer , how should so obviously be on IR right now it's not even funny . He redeemed himself a bit by forcing a critical fumble late in the second quarter , but that play was mostly the fumble - prone Jamaal Charles ( 3 on the season ) being careless with the ball . Still , despite three turnovers , KC managed to tie the game going itno the fourth . Then , as he has done so many times this year , Andrew Luck wielded his magic wand and willed the Colts to victory . The Colts offense went on a 13 - play drive starting at their own 27 , ate up 6 : 05 of the clock , and capped it off with a 7 - yard touchdown pass from Luck to ( who else ) Reggie Wayne . Ballgame . 20 - 13 . Colts win . The Colts are the second team in NFL history to make the post - season the year after posting a 2 - 14 ( or worse ) record the year prior . Andrew Luck set an NFL record , throwing for 205 yards in the game , swelling his season yardage to 4 , 183 . Cam Newton in 2011 had the previous record with 4 , 051 yards . The guy who had it before Cam ? Peyton Manning in 1998 with 3 , 739 . Luck's fourth quarter drive was his 7th game - winning drive this season . That's both a rookie record and an NFL record . No QB has ever had seven game - winning drives in one year . Unbelievable . Dwayne Allen also got into the record books . He eclipsed Ken Dilger's franchise record for catches by a rookie tight end in one season . Allen had three catches on Sunday , bringing his season total to 43 . Dilger had 42 in 1995 . Dilger's quarterback that year ? Jim Harbaugh , the man who would go on to recruit Andrew Luck at Stanford before going to to coach the San Francisco 49ers . with the win in KC , coupled with the Steelers losing to the Bengals 13 - 10 , all the teams in the AFC playoffs are set . Also locked up is the No . 5 seed for the Colts . They will face the No . 4 seed , which could mean a trip to Baltimore to face the Ravens , the team Chuck Pagano used to coach for . Speaking of Pagano , he is scheduled to return to work full - time tomorrow as the head coach after taking a leave of absence to battle leukemia . His cancer is now in remission , and he returns to a team that is bound for the post - season . Wonderful story . Wonderful season . Couldn't ask for anything more . Well , except one thing . . . win in the playoffs ! Go Colts

29_4ecb.xml
Precision and perfection defined Colts quaterback Peyton Manning 's start against the Jacksonville Jaguars. He completed his first 17 passes . Meanwhile , inconsistency and an inability to score at the end of the game defined Jaguars quarterback David Garrard 's Thursday night . `` It 's a 60-minute game -- he played a really good game for 3 1/2 quarters , '' Colts defensive back Antoine Bethea said . The Jaguars led for three quarters , but 17 unanswered points in the fourth did them in . Manning completed 29 of 34 passes for 364 yards and 3 touchdowns in the Colts ' 31-24 victory over the Jaguars at Jacksonville Municipal Stadium . Jacksonville fell to 5-10 on its way to its first losing year since Coach Jack Del Rio 's initial season ( 5-11 ) in 2003 . The loss ended a sordid home campaign in which the Jaguars went 2-6 . The Colts ( 11-4 ) , on an eight-game winning streak , clinched a playoff berth . Tony Dungy became the first coach since the 1970 merger to take his team to the playoffs in 10 consecutive years . Garrard threw for a career-high 329 yards , but late in the fourth quarter he made costly mistakes . After scoring on four of their first five drives , including their first two , the Jaguars punted to start the fourth quarter . On their next drive , with 4:48 remaining in the game , Garrard threw an interception to defensive back Keiwan Ratliff , who returned the pick 35 yards for a touchdown . `` It was actually man-coverage , and he made a smart play by dropping off of Dennis [ Northcutt ] , '' Garrard said . `` You never see that in man coverage . They know we like the slant game on that down and distance and they watched tape . '' The score gave Indianapolis its first lead of the game . Garrard finished with 28 completions on 41 attempts , a touchdown and an interception . The Jaguars had one final chance to win the game , fielding a Colts punt with 2:34 remaining . But with 12 seconds left , Garrard dropped back to pass and found Colts defensive end Dwight Freeney on top of him , nine yards behind the line of scrimmage . The sack ended the game . `` I did n't even see it coming , '' Garrard said . `` So I could n't use my legs to make a play . '' For the second home game in a row , the Jaguars started aggressively . They won the coin toss , and then elected to receive , just like they did against the Green Bay Packers on Sunday . Then they scored immediately , just like they did on Sunday . On their second drive , the Jaguars scored again , jumping to a 14-0 lead with a 2-yard touchdown run by Garrard . Despite the Colts ' passing perfection , Indianapolis could n't score . `` This is a funny game , '' Manning said . `` We were completing some passes , but were down 14-0 . So that dominated our thoughts . '' In the second half , Manning really went to work . He threw two touchdown passes and set up a game-tying 45-yard field goal by Adam Vinatieri . And any time the Colts needed something to happen , they went to their passing game . Running plays were unreliable . The Jaguars could stop those . The Colts gained just 32 yards rushing . But the passes baffled the Jaguars ' defense , sailing at the most important times to exactly where they needed to be . `` Peyton Manning is a good quarterback , '' Jaguars safety Reggie Nelson said . `` He has always been good . That 's what he does . ''

29_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . stampedeblue . com 2012 12 23 3799068 colts - clinch - playoff - spot - with - 20 - 13 - win - over - chiefs Colts Clinch Playoff Spot with 20 - 13 Win Over Chiefs on Dec 23 2012 , 6 : 11p The Indianapolis Colts clinched a playoff spot and the five seed in the AFC playoffs with a 20 - 13 win over the Kansas City Chiefs on another Andrew Luck game - winning drive , his seventh of the season . A year ago , the Indianapolis Colts were an NFL - worst 2 - 14 and did not figure to be much better this season . But fifteen games later and the Colts stand at 10 - 5 and in the playoffs as the AFC's five seed . It is the representation of an incredible sesaon that will be extended beyond just next week . The Colts got the win today , but it wasn't pretty . In fact , according to Pro Football Reference , it was the first time in NFL history that a team rushed for over 350 yards and lost the game . The Colts were outplayed on both sides of the ball , but when it counted Andrew Luck and the Colts got it done . Check out some notes from the game : Andrew Luck was terrible for a stretch in the game that included 10 straight incompletions . But after that he got hot at just the right time and hit his last 6 passes of the day , capped off by a 7 - yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne in the back of the end zone for what proved to be the game winning score with four minutes left . He ended the day 17 35 for 205 yards and the touchdown along with 6 carries for 21 yards . For the second week in a row he did not turn the ball over , which is huge . And he also set the NFL rookie record for most passing yards in a season with 4 , 051 yards - breaking Cam Newton's record set a year ago . Dwayne Allen also set a Colts rookie record for receptions by a tight end with 43 . Allen has had a tremendous rookie year . He has a bright future ahead of him . Cassius Vaughn and Pat Angerer both were terrible today . There were others as well , but those two were the ones that really stuck out . Basically , however , the whole defense stunk today . The Colts gave up 507 total yards , 352 of them on the ground . It was the worst run defense I have seen the Colts play since that now infamous debacle in Jacksonville in 2006 . Simply must improve . That said , the Colts won the turnover battle 3 - 0 over the Chiefs . Darius Butler picked off a terrible Brady Quinn throw and took it back 32 yards for a score . It was Butler's 4th pick of the year and the 2nd one he returned for a touchdown . Pat Angerer also forced a big fumble with the Chiefs in the red zone and threatening that led to 3 points for the Colts before the half . And then the 3rd turnover was a pick by Vontae Davis . When you have a +3 turnover differential , you are going to win most games . It will be huge if the Colts could keep that up . The wide receivers really didn't help out Andrew Luck today . They dropped several passes ( Reggie Wayne included ) and failed to get open numerous other times . While it looked like a bad game from Luck , I place more of the blame on the receivers in this one . Nothing was open . However , on the final drive , once Reggie Wayne started getting involved , the Colts started rolling . On the last drive he caught 3 passes for 37 yards and a touchdown . Prior to that he had caught 2 passes for 44 . The key was that once the Colts got Reggie involved , good things happened . This game was Andrew Luck's 7th game - winning drive of the season , tying an NFL record - not just a rookie record . Peyton Manning did it twice . Incredibly , if Luck leads a game winning drive next week in a very winnable game for the Colts , he would have the NFL record all to himself - as a rookie . Added to that fact is that the Colts are 8 - 1 in games decided by one score or less - the only loss coming in week 3 on that last - minute 80 yard touchdown pass by the Jaguars after Luck had led another go - ahead scoring drive late in the 4th quarter . Chuck Pagano returns tomorrow . What a moment that will be tomorrow when Pagano walks into the locker room and is handed the head coaching reigns once again . And what a moment that will be next Sunday when he takes the field for the first time since week 3 . Colts nation has supported him all the way , as has the NFL . Next Sunday , the division rival Houston Texans come to Lucas Oil Stadium having never won in Indy . This is a game that before the season I even thought the Colts would win - back when I thought they would get 7 wins all year . They can beat the Texans , and with Pagano coming back , that will be a special game . Great job , Bruce Arians . Tremendous . Now my piece of advice to the Colts - don't stop being Chuckstrong . Pagano certainly won't .

29_5ecb.xml
Harrison out against Jaguars Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Marvin Harrison did not play in Thursday night 's 31-24 win over Jacksonville due to a hamstring injury . Harrison , who had n't missed a game all season , was listed as one of the inactive players . He has 53 catches for 605 yards and five touchdowns . He suffered the hamstring injury Sunday in a victory over Detroit . The Colts , winners of eight straight games , clinched a playoff spot Thursday .

29_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2012 12 23 colts - chiefs - 20 - 13 - clinch - playoffs _ n _ 2356644 . html Colts Beat Chiefs 20 - 13 To Clinch Playoff Berth 12 23 12 06 : 03 PM ET EST The expectations placed upon Andrew Luck almost seemed unfair . Being the heir to Peyton Manning in Indianapolis is heady stuff for a rookie taking the reins of a franchise that won two games last season . Now , after guiding the Colts back to the playoffs – and breaking Cam Newton's single - season passing record for a first - year player – it's safe to say Luck exceeded just about all of them . Luck threw for 205 yards Sunday , and his 7 - yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne on third - and - goal late in the fourth quarter gave the Colts a 20 - 13 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs . That put them into the playoffs without worrying about anybody else . "Would we have done it without him ? " Colts interim coach Bruce Arians asked . "No . " Luck broke Newton's record of 4 , 051 yards passing in the second quarter . But it was extending his own rookie record for fourth - quarter comebacks to seven was more important . The Chiefs had rallied behind Jamaal Charles' 226 yards rushing to tie the game 13 - 13 heading into the fourth quarter . The Colts' defense stuffed quarterback Brady Quinn on fourth - and - inches to give Luck a chance . That's all he needed . After a miserable stretch in which he connected on 1 of 13 passes , the fabulous freshman calmly led Indianapolis ( 10 - 5 ) downfield . He completed a key pass to T . Y . Hilton on third down and made two nice throws to Wayne before hitting the veteran in the back of the end zone . "We had so many opportunities all game , especially on third down , that we squandered , " Wayne said . "We wanted to get that done . That was the opportune time to do it . " Darius Butler returned an interception 32 yards for the Colts' other touchdown , helping them join the 2008 Miami Dolphins as the only teams to win at least 10 games after losing 14 or more the previous season . Most of those wins have come under Arians , who has filled in admirably while Chuck Pagano underwent treatment for leukemia . Pagano is expected to rejoin the Colts this week . "Mission accomplished . That's all I can say , " Arians said . "Without getting emotional again , knowing that ( Pagano ) is going to be back Monday , the work week shouldn't be as stressful . " Charles' big day included an 86 - yard touchdown run on the first play of the second half . It was his second 200 - yard game of the season , and came one week after he managed 10 yards on nine carries against Oakland . "It was fun today , competing out there and doing it while we were trying to come back , " Charles said . "It was fun going out there and putting out a performance like that . " Charles joined the Titans' Chris Johnson and former Lions great Barry Sanders as the only players with three runs of 80 or more yards in a season . His third career 200 - yard game also set a franchise record , which he had shared with Larry Johnson . Peyton Hillis added 101 yards on the ground for the Chiefs ( 2 - 13 ) , who had 352 yards rushing in a losing effort – the first time that's happened in NFL history . A big reason why was Quinn , who was just 10 of 22 for 162 yards with two interceptions . "This game was without a doubt , 100 percent on my shoulders , " he said . "You can't play the way I played today and win a football game . " His trouble began with the Chiefs' fifth offensive play , when he threw woefully behind Dexter McCluster – who wasn't even looking for the ball . Butler picked off the pass in stride , taking it untouched to the end zone for a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City managed a field goal by Ryan Succop , but he missed his next try and the Colts went the other direction to set up the first of Adam Vinatieri's two field goals . Charles fumbled in the red zone later in the second quarter , and the Colts moved into Vinatieri's range for a 36 - yard field goal and a 13 - 3 halftime lead . Charles electrified a sparse crowd on the first play of the second half . He angled to the left and then found room down the sideline , cutting back toward the middle of the field and winning a foot - race with the Indianapolis defense for an 86 - yard touchdown run . The Chiefs were in position to take the lead later in the third quarter , but Quinn was picked off by Vontae Davis in the end zone . The defense forced a three - and - out and Kansas City was driving again before settling for Succop's tying 47 - yard field goal . The Chiefs got the ball back again late in the fourth quarter , but Quinn was stuffed on a quarterback sneak on fourth - and - inches from the Indianapolis 27 . That turned the ball over to Luck , who completed an 11 - yard pass to T . Y . Hilton to convert a third down before he and Wayne won it . "At times it looked a little bleak , " Arians said . "Guys hung in there , made plays when they had to make them . Offensively we struggled , and then put together a drive , like we have all year . " Notes : Chiefs WR Terrance Copper ( left knee ) and DT Tyson Jackson ( left foot ) left with injuries . . . . Wayne had five catches to become the fifth player in NFL history with four 100 - catch seasons . He also became the 14th player to reach 13 , 000 yards receiving .

29_6ecb.xml
Manning on the money , Colts lock up 5th seed Locking up the No. 5 seed in the AFC playoffs , Peyton Manning completed 29-of-34 passes for 364 yards and three touchdowns to lead the Colts over the Jaguars in Week 16 . Manning was feeling it tonight . He completed his first 17 passes , all of them on the money as he methodically took the Jags defense apart . Firing beautiful pass after beautiful pass , this was vintage Peyton in his best game of the season -- and quite possibly the most accurate performance of his illustrious career . Manning has the Indy passing game well-tuned for the playoffs , but he 's likely to close out the season on the bench next week . If so , his late-season flourish leaves him with 3,907 yards and 26 touchdowns in 15 games. Dec. 18 - 11:14 pm et

29_6ecbplus.xml
http : bigstory . ap . org article colts - beat - chiefs - 20 - 13 - clinch - playoff - berth - 0 COLTS BEAT CHIEFS 20 - 13 TO CLINCH PLAYOFF BERTH Dec . 24 4 : 33 AM EST Andrew Luck couldn't help but smile thinking about the joyous celebration taking place just down the hall , through the big metal doors marking the entrance to the Colts' locker room . Even interim coach Bruce Arians had been dancing . "It's a fun locker room , a great locker room , " Luck said after leading Indianapolis to a 20 - 13 victory over Kansas City . "You know guys are going to play hard no matter what the score , no matter what the situation , and I am very proud to be a part of a team like that . " A team that's headed back to the playoffs , too . Luck threw for 205 yards on Sunday , breaking Cam Newton's single - season mark for yards by a first - year quarterback . He also engineered the go - ahead drive late in the fourth quarter , hitting Reggie Wayne on third - and - goal from the Kansas City 7 with just over 4 minutes remaining . The touchdown pass finished off Luck's seventh four - quarter comeback this season , and allowed the Colts ( 10 - 5 ) to join the Miami Dolphins of 2008 as the only teams in NFL history to win at least 10 games one year after losing 14 or more . "Would we have done it without him ? " Arians asked . "No . " Luck broke Newton's record of 4 , 051 yards passing in the second quarter , and then became the fifth rookie quarterback in the Super Bowl era to win at least 10 games in a season . "Obviously it's nicer to be in the playoffs , " Luck said , "but it's nice to have a couple records — which I'm sure will be broken in the next year . " Don't be quite so sure . Luck still has next Sunday's game against Houston to pile up numbers , and then comes a trip to the playoffs , where the Colts became a mainstay under his predecessor , Peyton Manning . "We didn't want to slide in the backdoor and put the extra stress on a man having to win the next game , " Luck said . "So we are very glad to be going to the postseason . " Arians will also get a reprieve from shouldering so much of the burden . Colts coach Chuck Pagano , who has undergoing treatment for leukemia , plans to rejoin the team this week . Jamaal Charles ran for 226 yards for the Chiefs , including an 84 - yard scamper on the first play of the second half as his team rallied to forge a 13 - all tie entering the fourth quarter . It was Charles' second 200 - yard game of the season , and the third of his career , and came one week after he managed 10 yards on nine carries against Oakland . "It was fun today , competing out there and doing it while we were trying to come back , " Charles said . "It was fun going out there and putting out a performance like that . " Charles joined the Titans' Chris Johnson and former Lions great Barry Sanders as the only players with three runs of 80 or more yards in a season . Peyton Hillis added 101 yards on the ground for the Chiefs ( 2 - 13 ) , who finished with 352 yards rushing in a losing effort . A big reason why was Brady Quinn , who was just 10 of 22 for 162 yards with two interceptions through the air . "This game was without a doubt , 100 percent on my shoulders , " Quinn said . "You can't play the way I played today and win a football game . " His trouble began with the Chiefs' fifth offensive play , when he threw woefully behind Dexter McCluster — who wasn't even looking for the ball . Darius Butler picked off the pass in stride , and took it untouched 32 yards to give the Colts a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City managed a field goal by Ryan Succop , but he missed his next try and the Colts went the other direction to set up the first of Adam Vinatieri's two field goals . Charles fumbled in the red zone later in the second quarter , and the Colts moved into Vinatieri's range for a 36 - yard field goal and a 13 - 3 halftime lead . Charles electrified a sparse crowd on the first play of the second half . He angled to the left and then found room down the sideline , cutting back toward the middle of the field and winning a foot - race with the Indianapolis defense for an 86 - yard touchdown run . The Chiefs were in position to take the lead later in the third quarter , but Quinn was picked off by Vontae Davis in the end zone . The defense forced a three - and - out and Kansas City was driving again before settling for Succop's tying 47 - yard field goal . The Chiefs got the ball back again late in the fourth quarter , but Quinn was stuffed on a quarterback sneak on fourth - and - inches from the Indianapolis 27 . That turned the ball over to Luck , who completed an 11 - yard pass to T . Y . Hilton to convert a third down before he and Wayne won it . "At times it looked a little bleak , " Arians said . "Guys hung in there , made plays when they had to make them . Offensively we struggled , and then put together a drive , like we have all year . " NOTES : Chiefs WR Terrance Copper ( left knee ) and DT Tyson Jackson ( left foot ) left with injuries . . . . Wayne had five catches to become the fifth player in NFL history with four 100 - catch seasons . He also became the 14th player to reach 13 , 000 yards receiving .

29_7ecb.xml
Efficient Peyton Manning Passes Colts Past Jags Peyton Manning passed for 364 yards and three touchdowns and Keiwan Ratliff returned an interception 35-yards for a pick-six with just under five minutes left to carry the Indianapolis Colts over the Jacksonville Jaguars 31-24 Thursday night . Manning started the game 17-for-17 to fall one completion short of the NFL record with 23 straight dating back to last Sunday . Donovan McNabb holds the record with 24 straight completions , set in 2006 . Reggie Wayne got 108 yards receiving and a touchdown while Dallas Clark followed up his franchise-best tight end performance Sunday with another strong game , finishing with 105 yards and a touchdown . The Jaguars Maurice Jones-Drew got 20 carries for 91 yards and David Garrard threw for 329 yards and a touchdown , but gave up a costly interception that provided the difference . Indianapolis ( 11-4 ) made an NFL-best fourth double-digit comeback this season to lock up the five seed in the AFC with this win , their eighth straight . The Colts defense looked shaky and gave up 409 yards , but got the game-winning interception and two late fourth-quarter sacks to seal the win .

29_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com sports 2012 12 23 luck - throws - for - 205 - yards - 4th - quarter - td - as - colts - beat - chiefs - 20 - 13 - to - clinch Luck throws for 205 yards , 4th - quarter TD as Colts beat Chiefs 20 - 13 to clinch playoff spot Published December 23 , 2012 Andrew Luck threw for 205 yards to break the single - season rookie record , and his touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne late in the fourth quarter Sunday gave the Indianapolis Colts a 20 - 13 win over the Kansas City Chiefs and a berth in the playoffs . Luck surpassed Cam Newton's year - old record of 4 , 051 yards passing by a rookie in the second quarter , and then came through in the closing minutes . He marched Indy to the Chiefs 7 , and then found Wayne in the back of the end zone on third - and - goal for the go - ahead score . It was the seventh time Luck has rallied his team to victory in the fourth quarter . Darius Butler returned an interception 32 yards for a TD in helping the Colts ( 10 - 5 ) join the 2008 Miami Dolphins as the only NFL teams to win at least 10 games after losing 14 or more the previous season .

29_8ecb.xml
Game slips away late as Jaguars fall to Indy Late sacks , too much Manning give Colts comeback win . The Jaguars could n't make the big play and gave up the big play . That was an all-too-familiar scenario Thursday night in a frustrating 31-24 defeat to the Indianapolis Colts . The Jaguars battled the Colts toe-to-toe for almost 55 minutes , but with the score tied 24-24 , they could n't finish off the Colts . First , Keiwan Ratliff fooled David Garrard when he made a coverage move he had n't made all season , intercepted the pass and ran 35 yards for the touchdown . After the teams traded punts , the Jaguars advanced from their 10 to the Colts 17 with 48 seconds left when Garrard spiked the ball . Again , the Jaguars could n't come up with the play to tie the game . Coach Jack Del Rio had already decided to go for two and the victory if the Jaguars had scored a touchdown . On second down , Maurice Drew ran for 10 yards to the 7 for a first down , but suffered a bruised leg on the play and had to come out . That caused a 10-second runoff because the Jaguars were out of timeouts so they had a first down on the 7 with 17 seconds left . Garrard then threw the ball away over the head of Reggie Williams in the back of the end zone because he was trying to avoid an interception . He later said he regretted not giving Williams a chance to make the play . `` As I 'm releasing the ball to Reggie I 'm pretty much throwing it away because the safeties are high , and then at the last second , he ( safety ) darts down to my underneath guy and I 'm thinking , he 's not even playing Reggie . Those are plays you want to say , 'Just give him a chance . ' I thought it was n't the best coverage [ to throw into ] so go to the next down , '' he said . That left the Jaguars with 12 seconds left , still time for two passes in the end zone . But Garrard was sacked on second down and the clock ran out before he could call another play . `` It 's tough . You do n't want to end the game on a sack when you 're on the seven-yard line . It 's kind of how the season has been . So close , so close and then a sack at the end of the game , '' Garrard said . That was the difference between the Colts ( 11-4 ) clinching a playoff berth with their eighth consecutive victory and the Jaguars falling to 5-10 . That means they 'll have double digit losses for the first time since they went 5-11 in Del Rio 's first season . They 're now 24-23 in the regular season the last three years and finished 2-4 in the AFC South for the third consecutive season . Garrard completed 28 of 41 passes for 329 yards and a touchdown and a 90.4 passer rating . But he was n't a match for Peyton Manning , who completed 29 of 34 for 364 yards and three touchdowns . Of the Ratliff interception , Garrard said , `` You do n't want to put your team in that situation where you let the guy pick it off and run it back for a touchdown . They made a good play . It was actually man-coverage and he made a smart play by dropping off Dennis [ Northcutt ] . You never see that in man coverage and that was a smart play by him . They know we like the slant game so on that down and distance , they watched tape . He just made a good play . '' Ratliff , a former Univerasity of Florida standout , said he did n't know if Garrard saw him , but got good blocking once he made the interception and scored easily . `` I thought we were going to have a shot to win the game , but we came up a little short , '' Del Rio said . Del Rio added the Jaguars gave up too many `` gim me '' plays like Reggie Wayne 's 41-yard touchdown catch when he was wide open down the right sideline in the first half . `` That 's one area we 've come up short all year on , '' Del Rio said . `` We had too many gimmes mixed in there . That 's kind of plagued us all year . '' The Jaguars scored touchdowns on their first two drives and then tacked on a Josh Scobee field goal with one second left in the first half for a 17-7 lead at halftime . Dennis Northcutt , who caught five passes for 127 yards against the Packers last week in his first start of the season , continued to make a big difference in the passing game . He caught five passes for 68 yards in the first half . He wound up with eight catches for 101 yards. Ratliff said he was surprised the Jaguars did n't throw to Northcutt more . The Jaguars got an emotional lift when offensive lineman Richard Collier , whose career ended when he was shot in September , visited the team Wednesday night and came out for the coin toss at the start of the game . Linebacker Mike Peterson , probably playing his final game at Municipal Stadium , said he had to fight back the tears after seeing Collier .

29_8ecbplus.xml
http : fox4kc . com 2012 12 23 luck - propels - game - winning - drive - in - colts - 20 - 13 - win - over - chiefs Colts Clinch Playoff Berth with 20 - 13 Win Over Chiefs Posted on : 3 : 35 pm , December 23 , 2012 Despite rushing for 352 yards , the Kansas City Chiefs lost their home finale to the Indianapolis Colts at Arrowhead Stadium on Sunday afternoon . The Colts ( 10 - 5 , 4 - 4 away ) owned the NFL ’ s worst record last year , and clinched a spot in the playoffs with Sunday ’ s win . With 4 : 08 to play in the fourth quarter , rookie quarterback Andrew Luck found wide receiver Reggie Wayne for a seven - yard touchdown pass , capping the 73 - yard game winning drive . Luck also set a new record for most single - season passing yards by a rookie in the process . Carolina Panthers QB Cam Newton held the previous record at 4 , 051 yards . The Chiefs ( 2 - 13 , 1 - 7 home ) almost got to play the role of the Grinch in Chiefs red . However , a Chiefs win would ’ ve likely cost them the first overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft . The Chiefs are currently in line for the first overall pick , owning the tiebreaker over the Jacksonville Jaguars ( 2 - 13 ) . After holding Indianapolis to three and out to start the game , Chiefs QB Brady Quinn threw a pick six to cornerback Darius Butler , who returned the interception 32 yards for a TD . The Chiefs went on a 68 - yard drive midway through the second quarter , but the drive was halted when running back Jamaal Charles lost a fumble on the Colts 16 - yard line . Indy led 13 - 3 at the half , but Kansas City opened up the second half in a big way . On the first play from scrimmage , Charles broke off an 86 - yd TD run to trim the deficit to 13 - 10 . The Chiefs went on a 67 - yd drive on their next possession , but CB Vontae Davis intercepted Quinn ’ s pass in the end zone . Kicker Ryan Succop tied the game at 13 - 13 with a 47 - yd field goal with 10 : 03 to play in the third quarter , and it stayed that way until the Colts ’ game winning drive in the fourth . Charles ’ 226 yards rushing was good for the third most in a single game in franchise history . He also holds spots one and two on the all - time list . RB Peyton Hillis rushed for 101 yards . The Chiefs racked up a total of 507 yards on offense . The Chiefs will play their season finale against the Denver Broncos next Sunday afternoon at Sports Authority Field at Mile High .

29_9ecb.xml
Manning guides Indianapolis to eighth straight win Peyton Manning helped inspire the Indianapolis Colts to their eighth straight win of the season as they overcame Jacksonville 31-24 on Thursday to reach the play-offs . Manning finished with 29-of-34 after completing his first 17 passes and threw for 364 yards , including three touchdowns . And Manning was full of praise of the side after they fought back from 14-0 and 24-14 down to clinch a place in the play-offs as the fifth seeds in the AFC . `` It was a funny game , we were completing some passes but we were down 14-0 , '' Manning said . `` The crowd were into it and Jacksonville is always tough here at home . `` It 's been a very different season . For us to win eight in a row , it was what we had to do , we had no choice but to do that and have a chance to get into the play-offs . `` You never take winning for granted . It 's hard to win one game and it 's extremely hard to win eight in a row like we did . '' The Colts had looked like they would suffer their first defeat in eight games as they entered the final quarter 10 points down . However Manning 's one-yard touchdown pass to tight end Dallas Clark and Adam Vinatieri 's 45-yard field goal tied the scores . And with just under five minutes remaining , Keiwan Ratliff intercepted quarterback David Garrard 's pass and raced in from 35 yards out for the match-clinching touchdown . Garrard , who rushed for a score , finished with 28-of-41 for 329 yards with one touchdown and one interception for Jacksonville . And Colts coach Tony Dungy added : `` It 's been a long fight back from ( starting the year ) 3-4 . `` I like where we are right now . Peyton Manning was unbelievable , and our defense made some plays in the fourth quarter when they had to . ''

29_9ecbplus.xml
http : sportsillustrated . cnn . com football nfl gameflash 2012 12 23 5123 index . html Colts beat Chiefs 20 - 13 to clinch playoff berth The expectations placed upon Andrew Luck almost seemed unfair . Being the heir to Peyton Manning in Indianapolis is heady stuff for a rookie taking the reins of a franchise that won two games last season . Now , after guiding the Colts back to the playoffs - and breaking Cam Newton 's single - season passing record for a first - year player - it's safe to say Luck exceeded just about all of them . Luck threw for 205 yards Sunday , and his 7 - yard touchdown pass to Reggie Wayne on third - and - goal late in the fourth quarter gave the Colts a 20 - 13 victory over the Kansas City Chiefs . That put them into the playoffs without worrying about anybody else . "Would we have done it without him ? " Colts interim coach Bruce Arians asked . "No . " Luck broke Newton's record of 4 , 051 yards passing in the second quarter . But it was extending his own rookie record for fourth - quarter comebacks to seven was more important . The Chiefs had rallied behind Jamaal Charles ' 226 yards rushing to tie the game 13 - 13 heading into the fourth quarter . The Colts' defense stuffed quarterback Brady Quinn on fourth - and - inches to give Luck a chance . That's all he needed . After a miserable stretch in which he connected on 1 of 13 passes , the fabulous freshman calmly led Indianapolis ( 10 - 5 ) downfield . He completed a key pass to T . Y . Hilton on third down and made two nice throws to Wayne before hitting the veteran in the back of the end zone . "We had so many opportunities all game , especially on third down , that we squandered , " Wayne said . "We wanted to get that done . That was the opportune time to do it . " Darius Butler returned an interception 32 yards for the Colts' other touchdown , helping them join the 2008 Miami Dolphins as the only teams to win at least 10 games after losing 14 or more the previous season . Most of those wins have come under Arians , who has filled in admirably while Chuck Pagano underwent treatment for leukemia . Pagano is expected to rejoin the Colts this week . "Mission accomplished . That's all I can say , " Arians said . "Without getting emotional again , knowing that ( Pagano ) is going to be back Monday , the work week shouldn't be as stressful . " Charles' big day included an 86 - yard touchdown run on the first play of the second half . It was his second 200 - yard game of the season , and came one week after he managed 10 yards on nine carries against Oakland . "It was fun today , competing out there and doing it while we were trying to come back , " Charles said . "It was fun going out there and putting out a performance like that . " Charles joined the Titans' Chris Johnson and former Lions great Barry Sanders as the only players with three runs of 80 or more yards in a season . His third career 200 - yard game also set a franchise record , which he had shared with Larry Johnson . Peyton Hillis added 101 yards on the ground for the Chiefs ( 2 - 13 ) , who had 352 yards rushing in a losing effort - the first time that's happened in NFL history . A big reason why was Quinn , who was just 10 of 22 for 162 yards with two interceptions . "This game was without a doubt , 100 percent on my shoulders , " he said . "You can't play the way I played today and win a football game . " His trouble began with the Chiefs' fifth offensive play , when he threw woefully behind Dexter McCluster - who wasn't even looking for the ball . Butler picked off the pass in stride , taking it untouched to the end zone for a 7 - 0 lead . Kansas City managed a field goal by Ryan Succop , but he missed his next try and the Colts went the other direction to set up the first of Adam Vinatieri 's two field goals . Charles fumbled in the red zone later in the second quarter , and the Colts moved into Vinatieri's range for a 36 - yard field goal and a 13 - 3 halftime lead . Charles electrified a sparse crowd on the first play of the second half . He angled to the left and then found room down the sideline , cutting back toward the middle of the field and winning a foot - race with the Indianapolis defense for an 86 - yard touchdown run . The Chiefs were in position to take the lead later in the third quarter , but Quinn was picked off by Vontae Davis in the end zone . The defense forced a three - and - out and Kansas City was driving again before settling for Succop's tying 47 - yard field goal . The Chiefs got the ball back again late in the fourth quarter , but Quinn was stuffed on a quarterback sneak on fourth - and - inches from the Indianapolis 27 . That turned the ball over to Luck , who completed an 11 - yard pass to T . Y . Hilton to convert a third down before he and Wayne won it . "At times it looked a little bleak , " Arians said . "Guys hung in there , made plays when they had to make them . Offensively we struggled , and then put together a drive , like we have all year . " Notes : Chiefs WR Terrance Copper ( left knee ) and DT Tyson Jackson ( left foot ) left with injuries . . . . Wayne had five catches to become the fifth player in NFL history with four 100 - catch seasons . He also became the 14th player to reach 13 , 000 yards receiving .

