3_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . utsandiego . com news 2009 dec 07 texas - prisoner - captured - after - week - on - the - run all ? print Texas prisoner captured after week on the run 7 : 15 a . m . Dec . 7 , 2009 A convicted sex offender who was the subject of a weeklong manhunt after pulling off a daring escape during a prison transfer was captured Monday after authorities received several phone tips , including one from a salesman who recognized the inmate outside his business . A hungry , wet and barefoot Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . was caught in northeast Houston , about 25 miles northwest of where he escaped , said Alfredo Perez , a spokesman for the U . S . Marshals Service . Comeaux , 49 , was in a wheelchair Nov . 30 when he pulled a gun on two guards and fired it during a transfer from a prison unit in Huntsville to one in Beaumont . The guards , who were unharmed , were forced to drive to the Baytown area , where Comeaux took their weapons , handcuffed them together and ran away . Comeaux was serving a sentence of life in prison for a 1998 aggravated sexual assault conviction in Brazos County , northwest of Houston . He was given two extra life sentences after being convicted of stabbing his wife and another person in 1999 while she visited him in prison .

3_11ecbplus.xml
http : druzifer . livejournal . com 208067 . html 12 January 2010 @ 09 : 29 pm FALLOUT CONTINUES AFTER BRAZEN ESCAPE The Texas Department of Criminal Justice has made sweeping leadership changes at a Huntsville prison where an inmate managed to get a gun that he later used to escape , the agency announced Tuesday . The Nov . 30 escape by Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , a convicted rapist recaptured last month after eight days on the run in Baytown and Houston , has led to unprecedented fallout at the prison unit where he was housed , with the largest number of TDCJ employees ever facing termination or disciplinary action because of a single incident , said TDCJ Inspector General John Moriarty . Comeaux , 49 , escaped from a prison van in Baytown after he pulled a gun on two TDCJ officers driving him to another prison in Beaumont . He was at large until Dec . 7 , when he was found shoeless , wet and hungry at a north Houston business , where he asked to use the phone . So far , 11 Estelle unit employees have been recommended for termination or faced consequences related to Comeaux's escape . Four of those elected to retire instead of facing disciplinary action , including the two officers who drove Comeaux in the van on the day he escaped . Whitmire questioned why several prisons , including the Estelle unit , stopped searching visitors two months before Comeaux's escape and moved to random pat - downs . Since Comeaux's jailbreak , all visitors and employees at the Estelle prison unit are again subject to mandatory pat - downs , Lyons said .

3_1ecb.xml
After more than three years and a tangled trail of frustrating legal delays , the man who killed four people in a brazen courthouse escape was sentenced Saturday to prison for life without parole and hundreds of years more . Yet prosecutors who spent the last month urging jurors to sentence one of Atlanta 's most notorious criminals to death were not celebrating . `` The community has spoken , '' Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard said at an emotional press conference after the sentencing of Brian Nichols . `` Even though we are puzzled and terribly disappointed by the decision , we must accept the conclusion provided by our community . '' It showed how difficult it is to get a capital sentence in Atlanta 's Fulton County , where death penalties are rare even in a state where support for capital punishment is widespread . Georgia tied for third in carrying out executions last year . And it underscored the problems Georgia prosecutors say they frequently face with the requirement that death sentences can only be returned by unanimous jury verdicts . Nichols , 37 , was found guilty last month of murdering a judge , a court reporter , a sheriff 's deputy and a federal agent in the March 2005 rampage . After four days deliberating on whether to recommend the death penalty , the jury deadlocked at 9-3 . Nichols will likely die in prison after Superior Court Judge James Bodiford handed down the maximum prison sentence on each of 54 charges . The deadlock devastated prosecutors , who had turned down an offer from Nichols ' attorneys to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence . The trial has already cost more than $ 2 million , likely the most expensive in state history . And it may not be over yet: Howard said he 's talked to the U.S. Attorney about a federal death penalty trial for the federal agent 's slaying . In the meantime , Howard and some state legislative leaders said Georgia 's death penalty rules should be changed . `` Georgia is a conservative state , but there are pockets where it is not , '' said state Rep. Barry Fleming , a Republican who led a failed bid last year to allow judges to approve death penalties even if one or two jurors voted against it . `` There are people who will attempt to nullify the law when they get on the jury . '' The last time a Fulton County jury issued a death sentence was eight years ago , and only then for a triple murderer who killed a toddler . One factor could be race . The county is 43 percent black , and numerous polls and surveys have found that blacks are more likely than whites to oppose capital punishment . Eight of the jurors were black . The three who voted against the death penalty would not comment , but Howard said other jurors told him the three holdouts refused to deliberate . He said he was told that one was wearing headphones during the closed-door discussions this week . Two jurors who spoke at Howard 's news conference but declined to be identified said they worked hard to try to reach a verdict . `` I believe Brian Nichols did not win . In his own words , he said it 's not his DNA to stay in jail , which is what he has to look forward to the rest of his life , '' said Christina Greenway , daughter of slain court reporter Julie Ann Brandau . `` I 'm not disappointed and I have no regrets . '' Nichols was being escorted to his trial for rape when he overpowered a deputy guarding him and stole her gun . He burst into the courtroom and shot and killed Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , Brandau and sheriff 's Deputy Hoyt Teasley . He fled downtown Atlanta and managed to evade hundreds of police officers searching for him overnight . In Atlanta 's posh Buckhead neighborhood , he shot and killed federal agent David Wilhelm at a house the agent was renovating . Death penalty experts said the Nichols verdict shows there 's no telling what will happen when a jury is asked to settle a capital case . `` It 's very hard for 12 people to sit down around the table to make a decision to put another human being to death , '' said Stephen Bright , a Yale Law School lecturer and a veteran capital defense attorney . Nichols , who argued he was insane when he carried out the killings , spoke for the first time in court on Saturday as relatives of the victims ' families quietly wept . `` I just wanted to say that I know that the things I 've done caused a lot of pain and I 'm sorry , '' he said . `` And I just wanted to say that I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life . That 's it . '' The judge had advice for anyone who deals with Nichols in the future: `` Do not trust Mr. Nichols ever again . Ever again . Because he can not be trusted . ''

3_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2009 11 30 arcade - joseph - comeaux - jr - _ n _ 374452 . html Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr , Prison Inmate , Pulls Gun On And Handcuffs Guards , Runs Away 11 30 09 05 : 40 PM ET A convicted sex offender sentenced to life in prison pulled a gun on two guards during a prison transfer Monday and held them hostage temporarily before fleeing on foot in one of the guard's uniforms , authorities said . At the time of the escape , the inmate was in a wheelchair , which he claimed he needed to help move him around , officials said . Comeaux , 49 , took the officers' weapons and handcuffed them together in the back of the vehicle before fleeing on foot at around 9 a . m . , Lyons said . He was serving a life sentence after being convicted in June 1998 of aggravated sexual assault out of Brazos County , located northwest of Houston . Comeaux was given two extra life sentences after being convicted for stabbing his wife and another person in 1999 while she visited him in prison . She survived the attack . Comeaux also injured a man who was visiting another inmate at the time and tried to stop the attack . The escape triggered a lockdown at Lee College and three campuses in the Goose Creek school district , in and around Baytown .

3_2ecb.xml
Now that Fulton County courthouse killer Brian Nichols has been sentenced to life without parole , one of the not yet answered questions is where the 37-year-old will serve time . Superior Court Judge James Bodiford on Saturday suggested that Nichols should serve his time in the federal maximum security prison - known as Supermax - in Florence , Colo. , which has the reputation as the nation 's toughest and most secure prison . Bodiford said he was surprised to learn during the trial that Nichols , who is committed of state crimes , could still serve his time in a federal prison . `` I thought maybe Supermax might be a good place for Mr. Nichols for what it is worth , '' Bodiford said . `` I do n't believe I can order it and I am not going to order it but that is my two cents worth . '' About the prison: The supermax unit at the Florence Federal Correctional Complex at Florence , Colo. , primarily holds extremely dangerous or escape-risk federal inmates . There also are a few state prisoners there who need more security than those prisons can provide . The remote prison , which opened in 1994 , almost disappears into the same-color desert around it . Cells are 8-by-12 feet , with concrete walls , ceilings and furnishings , including the bed . The toilets , sinks and showers are stainless steel . Cell windows are long and narrow , limiting the view to only the sky . Some known inmates: Unabomber Ted Kaczynski , shoe bomber Richard Reid , and Sept. 11 , 2001 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui . Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin , the 1960s militant once named H. Rap Brown , convicted in Georgia of the state crime of murdering a Fulton County deputy . Convicted of federal crimes in Georgia : Eric Robert Rudolph , who pleaded guilty to the Centennial Olympic Park bombings and other bombings in Atlanta , and Malachi Z. York , the Nuwaubian leader convicted of child molestation , racketeering and federal financial reporting charges . Prison program: A three-step program limits - or perhaps deprives - inmates of many things that would stimulate the senses - smell , sight and touch . Olympic Park bomber Rudolph complained in letters to a Colorado newspaper in 2006 that the prison 's design was driving him insane . In the first stage of the program , inmates spend 23 of every 24 hours double-locked behind a steel door and a barred grate . They are allowed one 15-minute telephone call a month . One hour each day is spent alone in a recreation area . Their behavior is reviewed every 90 days before they can be moved up to the next step . At the second and third steps , inmates are given progressively more freedom , more time for exercise , longer and more frequent telephone calls and more social contact with other prisoners - as long as they are free of violations . Limited inmate privileges: Inmates get a radio and a black-and-white , 13-inch television made specially with clear backs that reveal all internal components . The TVs are hooked up to `` basic cable . '' Inmates participate in religious services that are broadcast on their televisions . Guards pass inmates ' meals , law books and other items through a slot in the door . There is limited direct human contact .

3_2ecbplus.xml
http : abcnews . go . com US convicted - child - molester - arcade - joseph - comeaux - jr - loose story ? id=9208916 Convicted Child Molestor Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . On The Lam in Texas Nov . 30 , 2009 A convicted child molester who was supposedly confined to a wheelchair overpowered two prison guards today , handcuffed them , stole their weapons and walked off wearing one of their uniforms . Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , is serving a life sentence for several charges – including indecency with a child – and was en route from the Estelle Unit in Huntsville , Texas , to the Stiles Unit in Beaumont , Texas , when he escaped just after 9 a . m . Lyons said that Comeaux used a wheelchair in prison – he "claimed it was necessary for his mobility" – and added , "Since he fled on foot , that's obviously in question . " Described as a 6 - feet tall and weighing approximately 200 pounds , Lyons warned that Comeaux knows the area where he escaped well and could have family nearby . He initially was imprisoned on February 1979 on three 10 - year sentences for rape of a child , aggravated rape of a child , and burglary of a building with the intent to commit theft . His supervision was revoked and he returned to prison in May 1984 with a new charge of indecency with a child , given a new 20 year sentence . Between 1991 and 1998 , Comeaux was in and out of prison on parole violations until he finally returned to prison in June 1999 to serve a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault . In 1999 , Comeaux stabbed his wife during a visit , using his wheelchair to pin her against a wall while he stabbed her . His wife survived , but another inmate who tried to break up the attack also suffered stab wounds , and Comeaux was convicted of additional assault charges and received two additional life sentences .

3_3ecb.xml
Former Kutztown University football player Brian Nichols has received a sentence of life in prison without parole for a March 2005 shooting spree in an Atlanta courthouse , according to reports . According to reports in an Atlanta newspaper: Nichols was sentenced Saturday morning to seven life sentences and four sentences of life without parole plus 485 years . Nichols was being tried for rape in March 2005 when he overpowered a female sheriff 's deputy , took her gun and shot the judge in his rape trial and the court reporter . Outside the courtroom , Nichols shot and killed a sheriff 's deputy sergeant . Later that day , as he attempted to elude police , he shot and killed a U.S. Customs agent . He later made it to Gwinnett County where he kidnapped a woman who says she talked Nichols into surrendering .

3_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . nowpublic . com world arcade - joseph - comeaux - jr - texas - child - molester - escaped - and - armed Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr : Texas Child Molester Escaped and Armed November 30 , 2009 at 02 : 22 pm Texas inmate Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . escaped when he was being transported to a prison in Beaumont from Huntsville . Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . is a convicted sex offender serving a life sentence . Comeaux escaped with a 12 - gauge shotgun and 2 semiautomatic pistols . He initially was imprisoned on February 1979 on three 10 - year sentences for rape of a child , aggravated rape of a child , and burglary of a building with the intent to commit theft . His supervision was revoked and he returned to prison in May 1984 with a new charge of indecency with a child , given a new 20 year sentence . Between 1991 and 1998 , Comeaux was in and out of prison on parole violations until he finally returned to prison in June 1999 to serve a life sentence for aggravated sexual assault .

3_4ecb.xml
Fulton Courthouse killer Brian Nichols was sentenced Saturday morning to seven life sentences and four sentences of life without parole plus 485 years for the crimes he committed on March 11 , 2005 , that stunned metro Atlanta and the nation . Brian Nichols was saved from a death sentence by three jurors who were determined that he instead spend his life in prison , no matter how many people he killed . Fulton County District Attorney Paul Howard suggested Saturday that the possibility of a death penalty was doomed - even before jury selection - by the three holdouts . `` I talked to two jurors and they both say that some people showed up for jury duty with their minds already made up and never entered into a meaningful discussion of a death sentence , '' Howard said Saturday after Nichols was sentenced . `` That means we did n't get a fair trial . '' The two jurors , who indicated they were among the nine voting to put Nichols to death , reported one of the holdouts even worked a crossword puzzle while the panel deliberated Nichols ' fate for 40 hours over four days . The frustrated prosecutor gambled on getting a death penalty decision when he denied a Nichols offer a year ago to plead guilty in exchange for a life prison sentence . He said Saturday that he would urge Georgia lawmakers to amend the law - that now requires a unanimous decision - to allow a 10-juror majority approve a death penalty . `` We 're not asking for favors - we are just asking for a level playing field , '' Howard said . `` People who will not deliberate should not be permitted to continue to serve on juries . '' He was especially vexed because the holdouts were evidently not truthful when questioned by lawyers about whether they could impose the death penalty before they were chosen for the jury . He said all the jurors swore under oath that they could consider death for Nichols if they felt the crimes deserved it . Inside the jury room , however , the three holdouts told the other nine jurors that they would not impose death for any killings . In fact , Howard said , the nine pro-death jurors asked the three holdouts how many people would Nichols have to kill before they would be willing to vote for execution . `` They asked , 'How about if it had been 50 people ? ' '' Howard said . `` And the three people said it would n't make any difference at all . '' The two female jurors , one white and one black , spoke publicly at a news conference Saturday to express their exasperation `` I want the families to know we did everything we could do , `` said the white woman , who was identified as Juror No. 12 . Family members of the four murder victims expressed outrage that Nichols had escaped the death penalty . `` I feel in some ways he is proud of what he did , '' said Deborah Teasley , widow of a sheriff 's deputy Nichols murdered . `` He was constantly sitting there at the defense table with a smirk on his face . '' The two jurors , who did not give their names , said the closed-door jury deliberations never became hostile during the four days they tried to decide a penalty . `` Everyone was respectful , `` said Juror No. 8 , one of six African-American women on the panel . `` We were able to state our opinions . But we would not back down . '' It was the pro-death majority , hoping to sway the three holdouts , who sought the replay of the bombshell jailhouse tape recording of Nichols talking with his brother on a telephone call . `` We were searching , '' Juror No. 12 said . An angry Nichols was recorded saying he did n't regret the four murders and would have taken his rampage to the DA 's office in the courthouse if given the chance again . Defense attorneys vehemently objected to the tape as `` highly prejudicial , '' though Judge James Bodiford said jurors could rehear just the portion played for them at trial . In the end , the jury did not follow through with a formal written request for the tape . The two jurors kept their public comments limited at the news conference . Other jurors contacted by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution , including the jury foreman , declined to talk or answer questions left for them at their residences . The jury - six black women , two white women , two black men , one white man and one Asian man - began hearing the case Sept. 22 and convicted Nichols on Nov. 7 after 12 hours of deliberation . The trial then entered a four-week penalty phase , with prosecution witnesses testifying that Nichols is still a remorseless killer plotting constantly to escape , and defense witnesses testifying he had a troubled childhood and has shown signs of remorse and redemption . Howard said the jurors in the majority told him after reporting their 9-3 deadlock to Bodiford that they did not know they could have asked Bodiford to replace with alternates the three who refused to deliberate with them . On Friday morning , a day after the 9-3 deadlock was first reported , prosecutor Kellie Hill asked Bodiford to ask the jury if all of the jurors were participating in good faith . Defense lawyers objected , arguing to Bodiford that any such inquiry during the penalty phase would amount to coercion - which could result in a reversal on appeal . Josh Moore , one of the defense lawyers , had reminded the judge earlier that unanimity in the penalty phase was not required . `` Georgia law shows no preference for a unanimous verdict in the sentencing phase of a death case , '' he said . Howard said state law is murky on whether a judge could inquire or replace jurors during the penalty phase . The law also permits each juror to follow his or her personal morality on determining whether to impose a death sentence , as long as the juror can honestly consider it . Howard said he hoped the Legislature also would change the law , which permits vague responses during jury selection on whether potential jurors would be willing to impose the death penalty . Victims ' relatives said any Nichols victory was hollow . `` I do n't think Brian Nichols won , '' said Christina Greenway , daughter of the court reporter Nichols murdered . `` In his own words , it is not in his DNA to stay in prison . Now he can look forward to a life in prison . '' Nichols rose to infamy when he escaped from custody at the Fulton County Courthouse during his rape trial on March 11 , 2005 , by overpowering his guard , sheriff 's Deputy Cynthia Hall , beating her so badly he left her brain-damaged and blind in one eye . Nichols then took her gun and went to the chambers of Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , who was presiding over his trial , and took the staff captive and seized the gun of another deputy . Minutes later , he shot Barnes in the back of the head while he was on the bench hearing a civil matter . Four seconds later , he shot the court reporter , Julie Ann Brandau , in the head , killing her , also . Nichols then escaped and shot and killed Deputy Sgt. Hoyt Teasley , who had pursued him outside the courthouse . Nichols committed a series of carjackings before finally escaping downtown Atlanta by taking MARTA to Buckhead while police looked for him . In Buckhead , while in search of a hiding place , he committed other assaults before ending up that night at the house that David Wilhelm was building a few blocks from Lenox Mall . He shot Wilhelm , an off-duty U.S. Customs agent , emptied his pockets of cash and took his cellphone as he lay paralyzed , dying on the floor . Nichols stole Wilhelm 's pickup truck , where he said he found Wilhelm 's badge . Whether he knew Wilhelm was a federal agent before he killed him could make a difference on whether federal authorities indict him and seek a death penalty in a federal court . At trial , prosecutors contended Nichols ambushed Wilhelm and that he did n't have his gun drawn during the confrontation as Nichols claimed . Defense lawyers contended that Nichols committed the crimes because he suffered from a delusion that made him believe he was leading a slave revolt against an unjust justice system . Nichols , 37 , was an $ 80,000-a-year computer system expert at UPS before his life spiraled out of control after his girlfriend of seven years dumped him for infidelity . He took her captive and raped her in August 2004 - saying he wanted to win her back - and was arrested and spent nine months in jail before the killings . Wilhelm 's widow , Candee , took aim at Nichols ' parents - who had won praise from the judge as solid citizens - when she addressed the public after the sentencing . `` Brian Nichols ' parents raised an extremely evil person , '' said Wilhelm , who was briefly detained during the trial for bringing a pistol into the courthouse . `` I am extremely disappointed that the defendant has been shown the mercy that he did not show on March 11 , 2005 . '' Lead prosecutor Kellie Hill reminded the crowd that mercy did not equal injustice . `` Justice has been served in this case - it absolutely has been , '' Hill said . `` Sometimes we do n't understand the outcome , but we all have to accept it . '' Nichols ' mother , Claritha , and father , Gene , attended the trial most days for 12 weeks . They became the focus of testimony about their son 's upbringing , and his mother testified about events leading up to his rape trial on the day he escaped and went on his killing spree . They sat through the sentencing Saturday but left the courthouse before reporters could interview them . As she came into the courthouse before the sentencing , Nichols ' mother expressed their sentiments . `` We just want to fade into obscurity , '' she said .

3_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . justice . gov marshals investigations most _ wanted comeaux comeaux . htm Texas Prison Escapee Added to U . S . Marshals '15 Most Wanted' List The U . S . Marshals have added to their ” 15 Most Wanted “ list of fugitives a man serving three life sentences who escaped custody during his transport from Huntsville , Texas , to Stiles , Texas . During the escape , Arcade Joseph Comeaux , Jr . allegedly produced a weapon and fired upon two correctional officers , took them hostage and forced them to drive to Baytown , Texas , where he restrained the officers in the back of the van , took their firearms and one of their uniforms . Comeaux ’ s escape is all the more surprising since authorities had mistakenly believed he was paralyzed following a stroke , and was wheelchair bound . Comeaux fled on foot following his escape . Comeaux was in prison after being convicted of aggravated sexual assault of a child and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . According to Texas authorities , the weapons conviction stemmed from a 1999 incident where he stabbed his wife 17 times while she was visiting him in prison .

3_5ecb.xml
A judge in Fulton County , Ga . , sentenced Brian Nichols Saturday to multiple life prison sentences for his deadly 2005 rampage at Fulton Courthouse . Superior Court Judge James Bodiford sentenced Nichols to seven consecutive life sentences and four sentences of life without parole for the March 11 , 2005 , incident that left four people dead , The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported . `` You 'll be pleased to know that I 'm not going to lecture too much this morning , '' Bodiford said . `` I 'm not going to express outrage and I 'm not going to express any feelings might have . The jury has spoken and I respect the jury . I think the jury did everything it could to come up with a unanimous sentence . '' Nichols was convicted of overpowering a sheriff 's deputy before killing Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , court reporter Julie Ann Brandau , Sheriff 's Deputy Sgt. Hoyt Teasley and U.S. Customs Agent David Wilhelm . The Journal-Constitution said Nichols , who also received an additional sentence of 485 years , offered a show of remorse before his sentence was announced Saturday . `` I am sorry . I just want to say that I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life , '' the convicted killer said .

3_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com news national texas - convict - arcade - joseph - comeaux - jr - riding - wheelchair - pulls - gun - guards - escapes - foot - article - 1 . 432180 Texas convict Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , riding in wheelchair , pulls gun on guards , escapes on foot THURSDAY , DECEMBER 3 , 2009 , 9 : 36 AM Rewards totaling $30 , 000 are offered for information leading to Texas prison escapee Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . Department of Corrections spokeswoman Michelle Lyons said Thursday that the convicted sex offender was still on the run . Comeaux was in a wheelchair Monday when he pulled a gun on two guards during a transfer from a unit in Huntsville to one in Beaumont . Both guards were released after being forced to drive to the Baytown area , where Comeaux ran way . Comeaux was serving life in prison for aggravated sexual assault out of Brazos County .

3_6ecb.xml
An Atlanta judge sentenced Brian Nichols to life in prison Saturday morning . He 's the former Kutztown University football player who went on a shooting rampage at an Atlanta courthouse in 2005 , killing four people . The jury was unable to come to a decision after 30 hours of deliberation . The judge , by law sentenced Nichols to consecutive maximum sentences on each of his charges . While Nichols did not recieve the death penalty , he will likely die in prison . Death sentences in Georgia require a unanimous decision by a jury . Nichols faced more than 50 charges in the case . He was on trial for rape in 2005 in an Atlanta courtroom when he grabbed a guard 's gun , fatally shooting a judge , court reporter , sherrif 's deputy and later , a federal agent .

3_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . foxnews . com story 2009 11 30 armed - and - dangerous - texas - inmate - on - loose 'Armed and Dangerous' Texas Inmate on The Loose Published November 30 , 2009 The Texas Department of Criminal Justice is searching for an escaped inmate who is considered armed and dangerous , MyFoxHouston . com reports . Officials said Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , took two transport officers hostage on Monday morning and then escaped from the vehicle and took off on foot , MyFoxHouston . com reports . Comeaux , a 6 - foot , 200 - pound black male , was serving a life sentence for crimes he committed in three Texas counties . He was sentenced to life in prison for indecency with a child , aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , MyFoxHouston . com reports . Comeaux allegedly handcuffed the officers together in the vehicle and then took off with their weapons , MyFoxHouston . com reported .

3_7ecb.xml
A judge on Saturday sentenced the man who killed four people during a brazen courthouse escape to multiple life sentences with no chance of parole , and to hundreds more years on more than 50 charges . The man , Brian G. Nichols , 37 , was found guilty last month of murder and dozens of other counts in the March 2005 rampage that led from a downtown courthouse to an Atlanta neighborhood and which ended with his capture the next day in a suburban county . Judge James G. Bodiford of Superior Court handed down the maximum sentence on each charge , to run consecutively . `` If there was any more I could give you , I would , '' Judge Bodiford said . Mr. Nichols was spared multiple death sentences when the jury failed to reach a unanimous decision , as required by Georgia law , recommending that punishment . The sentence ends more than three years of efforts to bring Mr. Nichols to justice since his arrest , frustrating victims ' relatives and angering state legislators over the costs . Mr. Nichols escaped on March 11 , 2005 , as he was being escorted to a trial for rape . He beat a deputy guarding him and stole her gun . He burst into the courtroom and shot and killed Judge Rowland Barnes ; a court reporter , Julie Ann Brandau ; and Sgt. Hoyt Teasley , a Fulton County sheriff 's deputy . Mr. Nichols fled downtown Atlanta and managed to evade hundreds of police officers overnight . In the Buckhead neighborhood of Atlanta , he shot and killed a federal immigration and customs agent , David Wilhelm , at a house the agent was renovating . Mr. Nichols was captured the next day in suburban Gwinnett County after a woman he took hostage , Ashley Smith Robinson , alerted the police . Ms. Smith Robinson was credited with bringing a peaceful ending to the rampage by appealing to Mr. Nichols 's religious beliefs and giving him illegal drugs . Mr. Nichols , who was raised in Baltimore , confessed to the killings but said that he was legally insane and that he believed he was a slave rebelling against his masters . Prosecutors argued that he concocted the delusions to avoid the death penalty . Mr. Nichols 's rampage led lawyers and judges to question their safety , and officials around the state re-examined courthouse security measures .

3_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . wibw . com home headlines 78153572 . html ? site=full Texas Lifer Escapes Prison Van Near Houston A Texas inmate escaped from a prison van near Houston after pulling a gun on two guards who were transporting him between prisons , according to a Texas prison statement Monday . Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , ran away on foot with the guards' guns and wearing one of their gray correctional officer uniforms , the statement from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said . Comeaux was serving a life sentence for indecency with a child , aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , it said . The escape happened near Baytown , Texas , about 25 miles east of Houston , it said .

3_8ecb.xml
A Georgia judge handed Brian Nichols today four consecutive life sentences without the possibility for parole sentence today . He was convicted of killing four people , including a judge in a court room shooting in 2005 . A court officer was also killed outside the court and an off-duty officer the next day . `` I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life , '' Nichols , 37 , told the court . `` I 'm giving you the maximum -- every day I could give you , '' Superior Court Judge James Bodiford said , in the same court where the killing occurred . `` If I could give you more , I would . '' Nichols was on trial for rape when on March 11 , 2005 he overpowered a guard and seized her weapon , killing in the court room Judge Rowland Barnes and the court reporter Julie Ann Brandau ; he also was convicted on killing Sgt. Hoyt Teasley outside the courthouse and killing the next day off-duty U.S. Customs Agent David Wilhelm . Nichols said : `` I know that the things that I 've done caused a lot of pain , and I am sorry . '' Jurors deadlocked with nine in favor and three against the death sentence . Ironically Nichols had offered to plead guilty in return for life behind bars but prosecutors had refused .

3_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . chron . com neighborhood pasadena - news article Escape - renews - calls - for - prison - agency - shake - up - 1725656 . php Escape renews calls for prison agency shake - up November 30 , 2009 After facing serious questions about how 900 prohibited cell phones were smuggled into Texas prisons this year , along with drugs and weapons , the Texas Department of Criminal Justice found itself on the defensive again Tuesday while trying to find an inmate who escaped despite being shackled to a wheelchair . TDCJ officials could answer few questions about how convicted rapist Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . , 49 , escaped Monday from a prison van in Baytown after pulling a gun and handcuffing two transport officers , stealing their three guns and walking away . He remains on the loose today . Comeaux escaped Monday morning as transport officers tried to move him in a TDCJ van from the Estelle prison unit in Huntsville to the Stiles Unit in Beaumont . He put on one officer's gray uniform and black boots , then stole a 12 - gauge shotgun and two semi - automatic pistols before fleeing on foot , leaving his pistol behind .

3_9ecb.xml
A judge on Saturday sentenced the man who killed four people in a brazen courthouse escape to multiple life sentences with no chance of parole after a deadlocked jury failed to return a death sentence . Brian Nichols , 37 , was found guilty last month of murder and dozens of other counts for the March 2005 rampage that started in a downtown courthouse , led to an Atlanta neighborhood and ended with his capture the next day in a suburban county . He will likely die in prison after Superior Court Judge James Bodiford handed down the maximum sentence on each charge . `` If there was any more I could give you , I would , '' the judge said . Nichols was spared capital punishment when the jury failed to reach a unanimous decision to condemn him to death row for the murders of a judge , a court reporter , a deputy and a federal agent . After four days and more than 30 hours of deliberations , the jury was deadlocked at 9-3 , with nine in favor of the death penalty and three voting for life without parole . Nichols , who argued he was mentally insane when he carried out the killings , spoke for the first time in court on Saturday . `` I just wanted to say that I know that the things I 've done caused a lot of pain and I 'm sorry , '' he said . `` And I just wanted to say that I will not bring dishonor to the decision to spare my life . That 's it . '' The sentence caps more than three years of efforts to bring Nichols to justice since his arrest that were repeatedly bogged down by legal complications , frustrating victims ' relatives and angering state legislators over the costs . The rampage prompted attorneys and judges to question their safety and law enforcement around the state to re-examine courthouse security measures . The deadlocked jury was a setback for prosecutors , who turned down an offer from Nichols ' attorneys to plead guilty in exchange for a life sentence . But District Attorney Paul Howard said he has spoken with U.S. attorneys about a possible death penalty trial against Nichols in federal court for the killing of the off-duty federal agent . Howard also said Georgia prosecutors need more leeway to strike jurors who are reluctant to vote for the death penalty . He said jurors have told him that the three holdouts refused to deliberate and one even wore headphones during the closed-door discussions this week . `` The community has spoken , '' he said . `` Even though we are puzzled and terribly disappointed by the decision , we must accept the conclusion provided by our community . '' In a tearful post-trial press conference , the families of the victims thanked the prosecutors for going through with the trial , as painful as it was . `` I believe Brian Nichols did not win . In his own words , he said it 's not his DNA to stay in jail , '' said Christina Greenway , daughter of slain court reporter Julie Ann Brandau . `` Which is what he has to look forward to the rest of his life. I 'm not disappointed and I have no regrets . '' Nichols was being escorted to his trial for rape when he beat a deputy guarding him and stole her gun . He burst into the courtroom and shot and killed Superior Court Judge Rowland Barnes , Brandau and Deputy Hoyt Teasley . He fled downtown Atlanta and managed to evade hundreds of police officers searching for him overnight . In Atlanta 's posh Buckhead neighborhood , he shot and killed federal agent David Wilhelm at a house the agent was renovating . The judge , after sentencing Nichols to the slew of charges , urged the victims ' of Nichols ' crimes to try their best to regroup . `` We 've learned a lot from this horrible tragedy , and as horrible as it was , we need to learn from this and make sure it never happens again , '' said Bodiford . The judge offered advice for the prison guards who will handle Nichols: `` Do not trust Mr. Nichols ever again . Ever again . Because he can not be trusted . ''

3_9ecbplus.xml
http : news . heralddemocrat . com hd News Police - - - - Texas - on - U - S - - Marshal - Most - Wanted - list - _ - MUG Updated Saturday , December 05 , 2009 8 : 28 PM Texas escapee now on U . S . Marshal's most wanted list Last week's escapee from the Texas prison system is still at large and is now on the U . S . Marshal Service's "Most Wanted" list of fugitives . Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr . is serving three life sentences . He escaped last week while being transported from a prison in Huntsville to one in Beaumont , Texas . Comeaux is accused of using a gun which was smuggled in to him for the escape . He was in prison after being convicted of aggravated sexual assault of a child and aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . According to Texas authorities , the weapons conviction stemmed from a 1999 incident where he stabbed his wife 17 times while she was visiting him in prison .

