30_10ecb.xml
India suffers massive internet disruption after undersea cables break Millions of people across the Middle East and Asia have lost access to the internet after two undersea cables in the Mediterranean suffered severe damage . Huge numbers in Egypt and India were left struggling to get online as a result of the outage , when the major internet pipeline between Egypt and Italy was cut . Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) throughout the region , including those in United Arab Emirates , Kuwait and Saudi Arabia , also reported problems . International telephone calls , which have also been affected , are being rerouted to work around the problem . Industry experts told The Times that two sub-sea cables went down just off Alexandra , causing the mass disruption . `` It is incredibly rare to experience a dual-break where both cables are down simultaneously , '' said a spokesperson for Interoute , the internet networks company . The Egyptian ministry said it will take `` several days '' for cables to be repaired and is trying to reroute Egypt 's internet connections . Indian ISPs said their problems were due to the cable damage off Egypt . Speaking to reporters , Rajesh Chharia , president of the Internet Service Providers ' Association of India , said : `` Information technology companies , software companies and call centres that provide online services to the UK or the US east coast are the worst affected . '' Rafaat Hindy , from the Egyptian ministry , said : `` Despite this being an international cable affecting many Gulf and Arab countries , we are closest to it and so we have a lot of responsibility . `` We are working as fast as we can . '' It is thought that up to 70 per cent of web services in Egypt , and 60 per cent in India , were disrupted yesterday . There were reports that phone and internet difficults had spread to Yemen , Sudan , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka . The shut down will take several days to fix , and could have a major impact on the region and across the world . It is likely to hit businesses who will struggle to communicate in the affected countires . Call-centres who work for British companies are likely to be offline or hard to contact in the coming days . Others warned that bank and stock market trading could be affected . The digital blackout highlighted the vulnerability of global communications . Hundreds of millions of people access the web , but the vast majority of international traffic runs through a a small amount of cables submerged below the sea . Industry insiders warned that a domino effect was occuring today , causing the disruption to spread across the globe . As companies ' private internet services went down , workers were forced to use the public internet and mobile phones to communicate . This has resulted in a heavy strain on phone and internet networks , meaning calls could go down and cause the internet to become slower or blackout completely .

30_10ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news broadband 36092 - seacom - restored - for - commercial - isps - on - alternate - routes . html Seacom restored for commercial ISPs on alternate routes Seacom's business customers , including commercial Internet Service Providers , have had their services restored via alternative routes , Seacom announced today October 14 , 2011 Subsea cable operator Seacom announced on Twitter today ( 14 October 2011 ) that they have restored all their business customers on alternate routes following an outage expected to extend into next week . This includes commercial Internet service providers , according to Seacom's tweet , which said that all such ISPs using Seacom capacity are no longer affected by the outage . Seacom started to experience problems on Saturday , 8 October 2011 , which it said was caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat in Egypt and Marseilles in France . In an official statement from Seacom said that their initial estimates were that it would take 12 days to repair the cable , depending on weather conditions . Mweb announced on 12 October 2011 that their services through Seacom were running at full capacity again . Cybersmart posted on its website that their Seacom service was restored at 10 : 57 on 11 October 2011 . Openweb CEO Keoma Wright said that 99% of their supplier traffic has been restored . "We however were not severely affected due to the SAT3 backup in place on all our offerings , " Wright added . At the time of writing the websites of Axxess and Afrihost still said that they were experiencing degraded ADSL service . Neither ISP provided feedback as to whether their Seacom capacity had been restored .

30_11ecb.xml
Damaged undersea cables disrupting service Parts of Asia , the Middle East , and Europe experienced Internet and telephone outages Friday when three undersea cables between Italy and Egypt in the Mediterranean Sea were damaged . The affected cable systems , which run from Alexandria in northern Egypt to Sicily in southern Italy , carry more than 75 percent of traffic between the Middle East , Europe , and the United States . It 's still unclear how the cables were damaged or when they will be fixed . Reliance Globalcom , a communications provider in India , told Bloomberg News that there was no time frame for getting the network fixed . France Telecom said it plans to send a boat to fix the problem and should have service restored to normal by December 31 , according to Bloomberg . The cable system that was cut is known as SMW4 cable or South East Asia- Middle East-Western Europe 4 . It connects 12 countries : Pakistan , Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia , Bangladesh , India , Sri Lanka , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Italy and France . Vodafone 's cell phone service in Egypt has been affected by the cable failure , according to Bloomberg . Mobile phone service between Europe and Asia on Orange was also disrupted , the Bloomberg article said . Orange officials told Bloomberg that at one point as much as 55 percent of voice traffic in Saudi Arabia , 52 percent in Egypt , and 82 percent in India was out of service . Telephone providers , such as Portugal Telecom and Reliance , told Bloomberg that they 've been rerouting traffic to other parts of their network to avoid issues . But this rerouting has caused network congestion , which means slower Internet connections and some dropped phone calls . In January , undersea cables outside Alexandria were also damaged , disrupting about 70 percent of the communications network in India and the Middle East .

30_11ecbplus.xml
http : mygaming . co . za news news 14642 - seacom - cable - problems - may - only - be - resolved - next - week . html SEACOM cable problems may only be resolved next week Initial estimates indicate that the total SEACOM repair time will be around twelve days October 11 , 2011 As many SA gamers may have noticed , SEACOM is experiencing downtime again . The cable system went down on Saturday 8 October 2011 , and initial feedback suggests that the downtime may last for a few days . SEACOM said that their Mediterranean backhaul service provider is experiencing a service affecting outage between Abu Talat and Marseilles . This is affecting all SEACOM traffic to Europe . TENET CTO Andrew Alston said that they have had confirmation that SEACOM is offline and is unlikely to come back online for a few days . The SEACOM downtime seems to be related to a failure on the Telecom Egypt North ( TE North ) submarine telecommunications cable linking France and Egypt . SEACOM has stated that the total repair time of the current problems they experience will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions . "Initial estimates indicate that the total repair time will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions . This entails gaining the necessary permits and the actual repair time . A repair vessel has been notified of the call - out and mobilization will occur immediately once permits are received , " SEACOM said in an official statement . "The outage initially affected all SEACOM traffic to Europe , however SEACOM was able to restore some services by Saturday afternoon . " "Further restoration has continued throughout the weekend in cooperation with customers and partners and SEACOM will continue to actively work on securing additional capacity for all necessary services over the next day or two . "

30_12ecb.xml
Severed Cables in Mediterranean Disrupt Communication Internet and telephone communications between the Middle East and Europe were disrupted after three submarine cables between Italy and Egypt in the Mediterranean Sea were damaged . The failures cut the flow of `` data of various kinds '' between Europe and the Middle East , and there 's no timeframe for when communications will be restored , said Sanjeev Gaur , director of assurance at Reliance Globalcom Ltd. in India . France Telecom SA , which plans to send a maintenance boat to fix the problem , said the situation should be back to normal by Dec. 31 . Three cable systems carrying more than 75 percent of traffic between the Middle East , Europe and America have been damaged , according to the U.K. 's Interoute Plc , which operates a fiber- optic data network connecting 92 cities . The cables run from Alexandria in northern Egypt to Sicily in southern Italy . In January , an anchor severed the cables outside Alexandria after bad weather conditions forced ships to moor off the coast . `` The information we have is a bit sketchy , but chances are that it will have been an anchor again , `` Jonathan Wright , Interoute 's director of wholesale products , said in a telephone interview . `` Close to 90 percent of all the data traffic between Europe and the Middle East is carried on these three cable systems . '' Interoute said the January incident brought down 70 percent of the Internet network in India and the Middle East . Customer services and some mobile-phone customers at Vodafone Group Plc 's Egyptian unit are affected by the cable failure , said Simon Gordon , a spokesman for the U.K. company . Egypt is the only country where the company is aware of any problems linked to the failure , he said . Most mobile-phone calls are routed through fixed-line cables at some point . Verizon Communications Inc. , the second-largest U.S. phone company , said it has rerouted traffic for its Verizon Business customers making calls to the Middle East by siphoning it to Europe and the U.S. and then down through Asia , spokeswoman Linda Laughlin said in an interview . The rerouting slowed some traffic to about half its normal speed , Laughlin said . Point-to-point customers still do n't have connections , and Verizon does n't have information on how many subscribers are affected . The company expects repairs to be completed by early next week , she said . Portugal Telecom SGPS SA , Portugal 's biggest phone company , has redirected traffic through other cables in the region and therefore the `` impact is very small , '' said a company official . Sonaecom SGPS SA , Portugal 's second-biggest fixed-line phone company , also said that it 's diverting traffic to other routes . France Telecom 's Orange mobile-phone unit said the cable failure `` greatly disturbed '' the traffic between Europe and parts of Asia . At one point as much as 55 percent of voice traffic in Saudi Arabia , 52 percent in Egypt and 82 percent in India was out of service , according to Orange . Internet traffic `` from Mumbai to London has now been rerouted via Hong Kong which may lead to congestion and increased latency on this route , '' Reliance said in an e-mailed `` traffic disruption update , '' adding that it is working with the affected customers to restore all services . The company said it will publish another update on its Web site tomorrow . `` You can reroute the data through other cables , but that increases traffic and can potentially create bottlenecks , '' Interoute 's Wright said . `` So Internet connections may slow down and some phone calls could get disrupted . '' Some of Interoute 's clients in the U.K. and Southern France are probably affected by the failure , Wright said . `` It 's difficult to forecast how long it will take to fix the problem as it depends on the weather and sea conditions in the Mediterranean , '' Wright said . A fault is affecting the SMW4 cable near the Alexandria cable station , the FLAG FEA cable is down and the SMW3 cable system is also affected , according to information received from Telstra . Flag Telecom Group Ltd. , a Reliance Globalcom unit , operates FLAG FEA and the other cables are owned by groups of phone companies across the regions . Reliance Globalcom does n't know exactly what happened and engineers are working on the problem , said Anurag Joshi , head of the company 's global network operations center . The SMW4 cable , also known as SEA-ME-WE 4or South East Asia-Middle East-Western Europe 4 cable network , connects 12 countries : Pakistan , Indonesia , Singapore , Malaysia , Bangladesh , India , Sri Lanka , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Italy and France . France Telecom said one of its maintenance boats in the Mediterranean area is headed to the region for a relief mission with 20 kilometers of spare cable on board . Priority will be to recover the SEA-ME-WE 4 cable , then the SEA-ME-WE 3 cable , France Telecom said , adding that Sea Me We4 could be operating by Dec. 25 and the situation should be back to normal by Dec. 31 .

30_12ecbplus.xml
http : broabandtrafficmanagement . blogspot . nl 2011 10 south - africa - p2p - control - helps - overcome . html TUESDAY , OCTOBER 11 , 2011 South Africa : P2P Control Helps Overcome Undersea Cable Outage "The SEACOM undersea cable , which provides a data link between South Africa , Europe and India , experienced downtime beginning on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) . . Meanwhile , local Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) who use bandwidth on the SEACOM cable have been scrambling to implement contingency plans to keep their customers connected" . According to an MWEB update - "Some more bandwidth was brought online last night [ 10 October 2011 ] bringing us up to 83% of our required capacity . We allowed P2P traffic to run from midnight to 7am , after which it had to give way for critical traffic again . " As MWEB also uses PeerApp's caching solution , it may help serve some P2P traffic without accessing the undersea cable .

30_13ecb.xml
As if the Middle East and South Asia do n't have enough problems with war , terrorism and poverty , now communications in many of the nations in those regions have been disrupted . The cause - three international underwater cables in the Mediterranean Sea that were damaged Friday . Millions of people trying to make phone calls or log on to the Internet wo n't be doing so for a while . A similar problem happened nearly a year ago , but this one has the potential to be worse . The damage this time broke all three of the cables connecting Europe with Asia via the Middle East . Many carriers in the Middle East and South Asia will have to route their European traffic around the globe , instead of via a more direct route . No word yet on an official cause of the damage . Previous reasons for cable breaks include oil drilling and wayward anchors .

30_13ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news telecoms 36528 - seacom - restored - via - alternative - routes . html Seacom restored via alternative routes Seacom announced that it has fully restored all its customers on alternative routes October 20 , 2011 Subsea cable operator , Seacom , announced on Twitter today ( 20 October 2011 ) that they have restored services to all customers using alternate routes , following an outage that was initially expected to take 12 days to repair . In a statement published on its official website , Seacom said that a repair vessel is now in transit . "The vessel has received the master permit for this repair ; operational permits are being finalized and should be received prior to arrival on the repair ground , " Seacom said . The repair is now expected to be completed in late October , but Seacom warned that "the usual exogenous factors associated with sub - sea repairs , including weather and currents , may further impact the repair . " Seacom started to experience problems on Saturday , 8 October 2011 , which it said was caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat in Egypt and Marseilles in France . Last week Friday ( 14 October 2011 ) , Seacom announced that it had restored services to its business customers , which included Internet service providers , via alternate routes .

30_14ecb.xml
Internet service in Egypt , the UAE , India and other counties in the region was interrupted today when submarine cables in the Mediterranean Sea failed . Cause of the failure is not known at this time , says operator Reliance GlobalCom . A total of three cables linking Italy and Egypt went down . A ship has been sent out to fix the problems . Currently , services are being rerouted to backup cables and satellites . As rerouting measures fully kick in , services are expected to improve by early Saturday morning . This is n't the first time that cable service to the region has failed . Earlier this year , five separate undersea cables were cut between late January and early February , interrupting service to a number of countries . There 's likely to be some serious failure analysis involved if we see some more pipes go off-line in the next week .

30_1ecb.xml
Severed cables bring down phone lines linking Europe , Asia , Mideast Internet and telephone communications between Europe , the Middle East and Asia were severely disrupted Friday after three undersea cables were damaged in the Mediterranean , France Telecom said . `` The causes of the cut , which is located in the Mediterranean between Sicily and Tunisia , on sections linking Sicily to Egypt , remain unclear , '' a statement said , while a spokesman said it was unlikely to have been an attack . The company said it was sending a ship to fix the lines but that it would not arrive until Monday and that it could take until December 31 before normal service was restored . Most business-to-business traffic between Europe and Asia was being rerouted through the United States , the firm said , but regular communications between Europe and several Asian countries has been disrupted since early Friday . Sixty-five per cent of traffic to India was down , while services to Singapore , Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Taiwan and Pakistan were also severely affected , a spokesman said Friday evening . An afternoon toll released by France Telecom said that 100 percent of traffic was lost in the Maldives Indian Ocean islands , with the Gulf state of Qatar and Djibouti , on the Gulf of Aden , also losing over 70 percent of their traffic . Egypt 's state news agency MENA reported that the cuts happened off the coast of Sicily at 10:00 am ( 0800 GMT ) on Friday , with Indian-registered Reliance GlobalCom directing a submarine cable repair company to head to the region to fix the cables . The agency added that services were being rerouted to backup cables and satellites to compensate for the failures . The cables are jointly owned by several dozen different countries . One of the cables is 40,000 kilometres ( 25,000 miles ) long and links 33 different countries while a second is 20,000 kilometres long and serves 14 states . `` If there was just one cable down we could have used the other two , '' said France Telecom spokesman Louis-Michel Aymard . `` But all three are down so this puts us in a very difficult situation . `` This is a very rare situation , '' he said . The cables might have got caught up in trawlers ' nets or there may have been an underwater landslide , said Aymard . One appeared to be fully severed , while the other two seemed to be only partially cut , he added . Each cable has a `` leader '' country , he said. Egypt is in charge of the main cable and in this capacity commissioned France Telecom Marine , a subsidiary of the communications giant , to handle the repairs . The boat , with 20 kilometres ( 12.5 miles ) of spare cable on board , will leave very early Saturday and arrive Monday . In January , five cables in the Middle East and Europe were cut , causing Internet failures in the region and damaging traffic through the region 's important call centre industry . France Telecom said it would publish updates on its website on the latest traffic disruption . Traffic from Europe to Algeria and Tunisia is not affected , it said .

30_1ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news telecoms 37617 - seacom - back - online - 4 - november - 2011 . html Seacom operations fully restored : 4 November 2011 The break in an undersea cable on that affected Seacom has been repaired November 4 , 2011 Undersea cable operator Seacom announced today ( 4 November 2011 ) that repairs have been completed on a broken cable off the coast of Egypt that caused an outage on its network . Seacom said that its cable network was successfully repaired on 29 October 2011 and all circuits were restored to the core network as of 4 November 02 : 00 GMT . All Seacom traffic to Europe was affected by the break which happened on 8 October 2011 on one of their Mediterranean backhaul service providers' cables between Abu Talat and Marseilles . Initial indications were that the break would take 12 days to fix . The cable operator announced that it had restored services to its business customers via alternate routes on 14 October 2011 . This was followed by similar restoration to the rest of its clients on 20 October 2011 . "Our partner network has informed us that the assigned cable ship worked in optimal weather conditions for the duration of their repairs . The cable was quickly lifted , the new cable spliced in , tested and re - laid thanks to close coordination between the ship crew and on - shore support , " Seacom said in an announcement on their website .

30_2ecb.xml
Internet and telephone traffic between Europe and the Middle East and Asia was hampered Friday after three major underwater data lines were cut , according to France Telecom . The cut occurred on lines between 07:28 and 08:06 Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) on lines in the Mediterranean sea that connect Sicily to Tunisia and Egypt , the telecommunications company said . The cuts were to the Sea Me We 4 and Sea Me We 3 lines , which connect countries between Singapore and France as well as the Flag cable route , which stretches from the U.K. to Japan , a France Telecom spokeswoman who asked not to be named said . France Telecom is n't sure what caused the cut , she said . France Telecom is n't sure what caused the cut , she said . `` We have two assumptions . The first is that it could be an underwater earthquake , '' she said . `` Or it could be simply a ship in the area which has cut the cable . '' `` Or it could be simply a ship in the area which has cut the cable . '' A maintenance boat is en route to the site of the cut , but it will not get there until Monday , and it will take as many as two weeks for the situation to return to normal , she said . Many countries were affected by the outage , including India , Saudi Arabia , Egypt and Malaysia , which all lost a significant percentage on their voice traffic to Europe . For example , 82 percent of India 's voice traffic capability to Europe was out of service early Friday , although that situation has now improved , the spokeswoman said . Internet traffic also has been hit by the incident , according to Danny McPherson , chief security officer with Arbor Networks . His company 's sensors reported that between 3,000 and 5,000 Internet routes in the region were off-line early Friday morning . These routes are the Internet 's equivalent of dialing prefixes , meaning that computers that used them would be completely unreachable until service was restored . `` It 's significant that it was lost , '' he said `` For them it was in the middle of a business day on Friday . '' A large number of these came back on-line around 17:00 UTC , McPherson said . Most likely this happened after ISPs ( Internet service providers ) that had been knocked off-line had found alternate routes for their traffic . It 's hard to estimate how many Internet users were affected by the cut , but the Internet has a total of close to 300,000 such routes , he said . This is not the first time this year that these cables have been cut . Earlier this year both the Sea Me We 4 and Flag cables were cut . Flag 's cable was reportedly cut by ships anchored off the coast of Alexandria , Egypt .

30_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . techegypt . com article 127 title Undersea - internet - cables - severed - near - Egyptian - coast - line August 17 , 2011 Undersea internet cables severed near Egyptian coast line Have you experienced any internet connection or mobile phone problems yesterday ! ? It seems that another incident of an undersea telecommunications cable being severed on Tuesday has resulted in partially blocking internet and mobile services in Alexandria and some other governorates . In a statement to Al - Masry Al - Youm news paper , Mahmoud Al - Goweiny , a member of the National Telecommunications Regulatory Authority's board of directors said that the cable cut happened around the same time that a different cable , owned by Telecom Egypt , was also cut , affecting services in Egypt . He also iterated that this particular undersea cable has frequently malfunctioned since late 2007 . This cable is most likely to be the SEA - ME - WE 4 that passes through Egypt coming from Europe and then reaches Asia . Despite the after effects of this cable cut seems to be limited , however these incidents have been occurring more than once in a relatively short period of time . Severing a main internet pipe - line could leave a country's communication and economy crippled for at least 72 to 120 hours causing a lot of problems ! It should be time to re - think protecting these valuable communication life lines ! Etisalat Egypt and LinkdotNet are one of Egypt's largest internet service providers , and among the most affected by the cable cut . No further details were reported by Authorities about the effects of the cable cuts .

30_3ecb.xml
Damaged cables cause internet outages for millions Up to 70 % of communications to the Middle East have been disrupted after cables connecting region to Europe were damaged Millions of web users across the Middle East are struggling to get online after damage to undersea cables connecting Europe , Africa and Asia took down a major route for internet traffic . As much as 70 % of internet traffic and telephone communications between the continents has been affected by the outage . It is believed to have been caused by damage to a string of cables which run on the bed of the Mediterranean Sea between Italy and Egypt , connecting Europe with other parts of the world . The lines , which run hit the Egyptian coast at Alexandria and go on to connect to Asia , are responsible for carrying vast amounts of internet traffic and phone calls between different parts of the world . It remains unclear what precisely what caused the damage , but the Egyptian communications ministry said that ships have already been dispatched to look at the problem - although repairs will take `` several days '' . Jonathan Wright , a director at telecoms company Interoute , said that the outage could have a devastating affect on business and communication around the world . `` The potential impact of an outage of this size can not be underestimated - it is like severing a major artery , '' he said . `` Global internet connectivity is reliant on sub-sea cables connecting countries . '' The incident comes less than a year after a similar outage brought a halt to communications between Europe , Africa and Asia . Those problems were believed to have been caused by ships ' anchors ripping through another section of the same cables , but were exacerbated by simultaneous damage in lines through the Middle East . As many as 75 million people were affected in countries as far apart as India , Egypt and Dubai . It is not yet clear whether today 's outage is the same order of magnitude . Despite the prevalence of wireless internet and satellite connections , global communications are still largely reliant on the vast webs of fibre optic cables which cover the planet . The lines , which take years of planning to install , move traffic backwards and forwards across continents . The cables hit by the latest incident are among the most vital information pipelines linking Europe to the rest of the world - and are responsible for the majority of all connectivity in the Middle East and south Asia . According to Alan Mauldin , research director of communications analysis company TeleGeography , the succession of problems in the region are only likely to be remedied by a series of new cables which are currently being planned . `` Many new cable systems are slated to enter service between Europe and Egypt in the next few years , '' he said .

30_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . egyptindependent . com news cable - cuts - partially - block - internet - mobile - services - some - areas Cable cuts partially block internet , mobile services in some areas On Tue , 16 08 2011 - 13 : 42 An undersea telecommunications cable cut on Tuesday partially blocked internet and mobile services in Alexandria and some other governorates . The cable cut happened around the same time that a different cable , owned by Telecom Egypt , was cut that also affected services , Egyptian authorities said . Mahmoud al - Goweiny , a member of the National Telecommunications Regulatory Authority's board of directors , told Al - Masry Al - Youm that this particular undersea cable has frequently malfunctioned since late 2007 . Ahmed Osama , deputy executive director of Telecom Egypt , said the cable passes through Egypt from Europe and reaches Asia . Osama said the cut's effect in Egypt was limited , and there haven't been clear reports about a cause . "Some internet users suffered problems with internet and mobile services , Osama noted . Osama attributed these problems to the Telecom Egypt cable cut , which affected Etisalat Egypt and LINKdotNET , two of Egypt's largest internet services providers . No further details were reported about the effects of the cuts .

30_4ecb.xml
Mass Internet outages in Egypt after cables cut Egypt 's communications ministry says Internet cables in the Mediterranean Sea have been cut , causing massive Internet outages . The ministry says three Internet cables were cut off the coast of Sicily on Friday morning . Throughout Egypt , the Internet is almost completely down or working sporadically . The ministry says it will take `` several days '' for cables to be repaired and is trying to switch Egypt 's Internet to an alternative route . It was the second large-scale Internet outage in Egypt this year . Undersea cables were also damaged in January , causing outages in the Mideast and India . Yemen and Sudan were also having phone and Internet difficulties Friday because of he cable cut .

30_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . itnewsafrica . com 2011 08 fiber - cable - cut - in - egypt Fiber cable cut in Egypt August 16 , 2011 Reports on Tuesday morning indicated that a fiber optic cable in the northern part of Egypt had been damaged , resulting in the loss of all telecommunications in Egypt's second largest city of Alexandria and parts of the Nile Delta region . ITNewsAfrica that "a Telecom Egypt fiber line near Alexandria has been damaged resulting in loss of telecommunications for all three mobile operators . " The official , however , did not give details as to why the cable was damaged and it remains unclear whether it was an attack or a miscue on the operator's part . Telecom Egypt , the country's state - owned fixed line monopoly is responsible for all ADSL Internet connections and the three mobile operators in Egypt their infrastructure for connectivity . Egypt is not unfamiliar to telecom cuts . In recent years , the country has lost Internet service after Mediterranean cables were cut , leaving the country largely blacked out for days . The official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , did say that they were attempting to rectify the problem "as soon as we understand exactly what happened . " Users across the country reported immediate drops in speed and connectivity . At local cafes in Cairo , users immediately saw a difference in connection speed . "I hope they get this sorted out quickly , because I have to upload things daily and this cut is affecting how I work , " said an Egyptian blogger and journalist , who added that the "Internet is my life . If it goes down , it really hurts my ability to work . "

30_5ecb.xml
Internet , phone traffic badly disrupted Internet and phone communications between Europe , the Middle East and Asia were severely disrupted on Friday after three undersea cables were damaged in the Mediterranean between Sicily and North Africa . France Telecom says the cause of the cuts is still unclear , but it 's unlikely to have been an attack . There may have been an underwater landslip . The company says most business traffic between Europe and Asia is being rerouted through the United States , but 65 % of traffic to India is down , and services to Singapore , Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Taiwan and Pakistan are severely affected . A ship has been sent to fix the cables but normal service may not be restored till 31 December .

30_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . yourfibreopticnews . com news _ item . php ? newsID=30873 Submarine cable problem disrupts telecom services in Alexandria Thursday , Aug 18 , 2011 Services on Egypt's three telecom operators were disrupted in parts of Alexandria on Tuesday afternoon , and some users in Cairo experienced slower internet connections due to "downtime" in a submarine cable . Vodafone Egypt said some users are continuing to face slight problems due to damage in Telecom Egypt's cables which began in central Cairo . "Vodafone , along with the country's three telecom providers has been affected by a damage in one of Telecom Egypt's fiber cables in a wire going from the Ramsis Communications Center all the way to Sadat City , " said Khaled Hegazy , Vodafone's external affairs director . "This has affected and continues to affect communications especially in parts of Alexandria and Suez governorates , " he said . "We have not been told when it will be fixed yet , it is in the hands of Telecom Egypt . Right now it is still slightly affecting some connections , " he added . On its Twitter account , Etisalat Misr said , "Customers on all three Egyptian mobile operators may currently face connection issues with voice , mobile internet , and or BlackBerry services as a result of a damaged fiber cable from TE Data . "The issue is currently under investigation and services will be restored as soon as possible . " According to MyBroadband , the largest IT website in South Africa , the problem was attributed to downtime experienced by the pan - African ICT enabler SEACOM . The company which is a privately funded venture that owns and operates a submarine fiber - optic cable connecting communication carriers in south and east Africa , affected Mobinil , Vodafone , and Etisalat networks across parts of Alexandria and Suez . "We are seeing some problems in our telecom towers which are affecting only certain parts like Abu Qir district or Maamoura , for example , " a Mobinil customer service representative told Daily News Egypt . "Other than that , our clients have been calling us as usual . " A Vodafone customer representative also confirmed that some of their users were experiencing downtime in parts of Alexandria due to "minor technical difficulties . " According to SEACOM , the problems began at around 08 : 30 am on Tuesday , and were resolved at approximately 09 : 40 . "SEACOM's partner network experienced a terrestrial fiber cut between Alexandria and the Suez this morning 16th August from 06 : 31GMT . All links are back up as of 07 : 35GMT . Total downtime was 1hr 4 mins , " the company was quoted as saying in an official statement .

30_6ecb.xml
Mideast internet services disrupted Internet links between Europe , the Middle East and South Asia have been disrupted after undersea cables failed in the Mediterranean . International telephone and internet services in Egypt were down by 80 percent , in India by 65 percent . The company managing the cables says a ship is under way to carry out repairs . France Telecom expects communications will not be fully restored before 31 December .

30_6ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news telecoms 31714 - seacom - downtime - explained . html SEACOM downtime explained SEACOM experienced downtime this morning ; SEACOM explained that the downtime was most likely caused by a problem on SEA - ME - WE 4 August 16 , 2011 Numerous broadband users complained about international connectivity problems this morning , caused by problems on the SEACOM cable . SEACOM confirmed the problems on their Twitter account . "We can confirm that SEACOM is currently experiencing problems on their network . We will keep you updated on progress , " SEACOM tweeted at 09 : 30 this morning ( Tuesday 16 August 2011 ) . According to SEACOM's Suveer Ramdhani initial feedback points to a problem on the SEA - ME - WE 4 which caused downtime of around an hour on Tuesday . The downtime started at around 08 : 30 on Tuesday , and was resolved at approximately 09 : 40 . "SEACOM's partner network experienced a terrestrial fibre cut between Alexandria and the Suez this morning 16th August from 06 : 31GMT . All links are back up as of 07 : 35GMT . Total downtime was 1hr 4 mins , " SEACOM said in an official statement . MWEB CEO Rudi Jansen said that their business clients experienced no service interruptions because of the SEACOM downtime , and that their residential clients may have experienced some slow international connectivity . MWEB has automatic failover on SAT - 3 in the event of SEACOM outages to minimize the impact on their subscribers .

30_7ecb.xml
Severed cable disrupts net access Internet and phone communications between Europe , the Middle East , and Asia have been seriously disrupted after submarine cables were severed . It is thought the FLAG FEA , SMW4 , and SMW3 lines , near the Alexandria cable station in Egypt , have all been cut . A fault was also reported on the GO submarine cable 130km off Sicily . Experts warned that it may be days before the fault is fixed and said the knock on effect could have serious repercussions on regional economies . Jonathan Wright - director of wholesale products at Interoute which manages part of the optical fibre network - told the BBC that the effects of the break would be felt for many days . `` This will grind economies to a halt for a short space of time , '' he said `` If you look at , say , local financial markets who trade with European and US markets , the speed at which they get live data will be compromised . '' `` If you think how quickly trades can be placed , if they are suffering from bad latency times , then by the time a trade is placed , the market may well have moved on . '' The cause of the break is as yet unknown , although some seismic activity was reported near Malta shortly before the cut was detected . In a statement released in relation to one of the breaks , France Telecom said : `` The causes of the cut , which is located in the Mediterranean between Sicily and Tunisia , on sections linking Sicily to Egypt , remain unclear . '' The French firm said it was sending a ship out to fix the line between Italy and Egypt , although it could take until 31 December to fully repair the line . The main damage is to the four submarine cables running across the Mediterranean and through the Suez Canal . It is thought that 65 % of traffic to India was down , while services to Singapore , Malaysia , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Taiwan and Pakistan have also been severely affected . Earlier this year , the same line was damaged in the same area - off the Egyptian coast - although only two lines were snapped then . `` We 've lost three out of four lines . If the fourth cable breaks , we 're looking at a total blackout in the Middle East , '' said Mr Wright . `` These three circuits account for 90 % of the traffic and we 're going to see more international phone calls dropping and a huge degradation in the quality of local internet , '' he added . `` Normally you would expect to see one major break per cable per year . With four you should have an insurance policy . For this to happen twice in one year , on the same cable , is a serious cause for concern . ''

30_7ecbplus.xml
http : kim . wits . ac . za index . php ? module=news&action=viewstory&id=gen11Srv0Nme53 _ 84584 _ 1313485720 BRIEF UNPLANNED SEACOM CABLE INTERNET OUTAGE 16 August 2011 ( Tue , 16 Aug 2011 ) This morning one of the Wits Internet Service providers , SEACOM , experienced an outage affecting International Internet browsing . The service is now back online . TENET will continue to monitor and ensure that it is stable however , but from the looks of things traffic should now be flowing normally again . According to information from SEACOM the outage was caused by a terrestrial break in the fibre in Egypt on the SMW4 cable system . Once we have official confirmation an incident report we will send more information . Always at your service .

30_8ecb.xml
More telecoms disruption between Europe and Asia follows another brak in underwater telephone lines . 10 months after the last event which blocked lines between the two continents , 3 underwater cables were severed on the bottom of the sea `` for unknown reasons '' between Sicily and Tunisia . France Telecom reported that `` an attack is unlikely '' . The company is sending a repair ship to the location but predicts that there will be problems during Christmas which may last up to the new year . Business volumes between Europe and Asia have been redirected on trans-oceanic lines to the USA . At present 65 % of traffic with India is offline . The same goes for 59 % of communications with Singapore , 44 % with Malaysia , 55 % with Saudi Arabia , 52 % with Egypt , 39 % with Taiwan and 51 % with Pakistan .

30_8ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news telecoms 35702 - seacom - problems - only - resolved - next - week . html SEACOM problems only resolved next week Initial estimates indicate that the total SEACOM repair time will be around twelve days October 10 , 2011 SEACOM said today ( 10 October 2011 ) that the total repair time of the current problems they experience will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions . SEACOM started to experience problems on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) . "Initial estimates indicate that the total repair time will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions . This entails gaining the necessary permits and the actual repair time . A repair vessel has been notified of the call - out and mobilization will occur immediately once permits are received , " SEACOM said in an official statement . "The outage initially affected all SEACOM traffic to Europe , however SEACOM was able to restore some services by Saturday afternoon . " "Further restoration has continued throughout the weekend in cooperation with customers and partners and SEACOM will continue to actively work on securing additional capacity for all necessary services over the next day or two . "

30_9ecb.xml
Undersea cables damage disrupts Internet services in Egypt Internet services in Egypt have been disrupted due to damage of undersea cables in the Mediterranean Sea , the Egyptian National Telecommunication Regulatory Authority said Friday . Up to 80 percent of Internet services and call centers in Egypt have been cut after the submarine cables were damaged south of Italy on Friday for unknown reason , said the Egyptian MENA news agency . The Egyptian side has contacted the international companies running the cables to give a repair report , MENA quoted an official source as saying , adding Internet services in Egypt is expected to improve in 12 hours . Earlier in the day , Egyptian Minister of Communications and Information Technology Tareq Kamel ordered to set up an operation room to follow up the repair works , which are carried out by an international marine cable repair company . Egypt is also trying to switch its Internet service to a backup route via southeast Asia and satellite . Egypt is constructing another undersea cable , namely TE-North , to connect the northern Egyptian port city of Alexandria and the southeastern French city of Marseille , said MENA . It is the second time in 2008 that Egypt witnessed a large scale Internet services cut due to submarine cable damage . In January , Internet services and international calls were also partly cut in Egypt , along with a number of countries in the Middle East and south Asia .

30_9ecbplus.xml
http : mybroadband . co . za news broadband 35788 - mweb - updates - customers - on - seacom - downtime . html MWEB updates customers on SEACOM downtime SEACOM downtime has local ISPs scrambling to keep customers online ; MWEB issues an update October 11 , 2011 Summary : MWEB has managed to restore 83% of the required capacity on SEACOM . P2P protocols will remain shaped to prioritise critical traffic . The SEACOM undersea cable , which provides a data link between South Africa , Europe and India , experienced downtime beginning on Saturday 8 October 2011 , caused by a problem on a cable between Abu Talat ( Egypt ) and Marseilles ( France ) . This outage will likely only be fully resolved sometime during the week beginning 17 October 2011 . Meanwhile , local Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) who use bandwidth on the SEACOM cable have been scrambling to implement contingency plans to keep their customers connected . MWEB operations has issued an update regarding the SEACOM downtime to its customers . "Some more bandwidth was brought online last night [ 10 October 2011 ] bringing us up to 83% of our required capacity . We allowed P2P traffic to run from midnight to 7am , after which it had to give way for critical traffic again . " "We are working on having the remaining capacity restored during the course of the day , after which all traffic priorities will return to normal , " said MWEB Operations . SEACOM has previously issued a statement on the current problem with the cable : "Initial estimates indicate that the total repair time will be around twelve days depending on weather conditions . This entails gaining the necessary permits and the actual repair time . A repair vessel has been notified of the call - out and mobilization will occur immediately once permits are received , " SEACOM said in an official statement . "The outage initially affected all SEACOM traffic to Europe , however SEACOM was able to restore some services by Saturday afternoon [ 8 October 2011 ] . " "Further restoration has continued throughout the weekend in cooperation with customers and partners and SEACOM will continue to actively work on securing additional capacity for all necessary services over the next day or two . "

