31_10ecb.xml
Hansbrough sets Carolina 's career scoring record Reigning national player of the year Tyler Hansbrough has broken the career scoring record at North Carolina . The 6-foot-9 senior needed nine points in the top-ranked Tar Heels ' game against Evansville on Thursday night to pass Phil Ford for the record . He tied Ford on a jumper from the left wing with 14:05 left , then set the mark by banking in a turnaround shot with 7:41 left in the first half . After the record-setting point , officials briefly stopped the game to allow Ford , coach Roy Williams and athletics director Dick Baddour to present Hansbrough with the game ball . Ford finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points .

31_10ecbplus.xml
http : omaha . com article 20130308 BLUEJAYS 703089893 McDermott fuels Bluejays in Valley tournament win Doug McDermott got a scoring record Friday , Will Artino got a chance to showcase his skills on the big stage and Gregory Echenique got mad . The first two factored heavily into Creighton ’ s 65 - 53 victory against Drake in the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley Conference tournament , but the last one might have been the deciding factor in moving the Bluejays along to Saturday ’ s semifinals . Echenique scored all 11 points of his points in the second half , grabbed 11 rebounds and blocked six shots . Six of his points , five of his rebounds and five of the blocks came after Echenique got roughed up — tackled , he said — while cutting toward the basket midway through the second half . No foul was called , but Drake might have wished one had been . After the no - call , the 6 - foot - 9 , 260 - pound Echenique turned up the intensity to fuel a 15 - 2 run that turned a 47 - 44 Creighton lead into a 16 - point cushion . “ It made me kind of mad when that happened , ” Echenique said . “ It changed my attitude a little , and gave me a little more of an edge . I had to find a way to get that anger out , and I couldn ’ t say anything to the ref and risk getting a technical or something . “ I think I did the right thing , and it kind of capped my focus . It made me play harder . ” With Echenique leading the late charge , Creighton finally subdued a stubborn Bulldog team that was playing to extend its season in an atmosphere that resembled a Bluejays home game . Creighton fans filled almost two - thirds of the 9 , 000 seats in the lower bowl of the Scottrade Center , and experienced some anxious moments before their team finally took command . McDermott , Artino and Echenique figured heavily into the outcome that improved the Bluejays to 25 - 7 and advanced them to a 1 : 35 p . m . semifinal meeting against Indiana State , which defeated Evansville 51 - 50 in Friday ’ s second quarterfinal . “ Will was great the first half and made some great plays in the second half , ” Creighton coach Greg McDermott said . “ Doug was consistent offensively throughout , and I thought Gregory really changed the game defensively in the second half . “ There was nothing that happened in the paint because of his energy and his ability to block some shots and change shots . And he went and got the basketball off the boards . ” Doug McDermott finished with 23 points , setting the school scoring record when he got his 11th point on a free throw with 4 : 43 left in the first half . He made 8 of 14 shots from the field , including 3 of 4 3 - pointers , and grabbed seven rebounds . Artino , whose role has grown as his productivity has increased during the second half of the season , had a career - high 14 points and six rebounds . Five of his points came in a 7 - 0 run in the first half that turned a 12 - 12 tie into a lead Creighton never relinquished . Still , things were getting tight when Drake , which had defeated Bradley in Thursday ’ s play - in round , closed to 47 - 44 on Seth VanDeest ’ s basket with 10 : 03 to play . On their next possession , the 15 - 17 Bulldogs missed an open 3 - pointer that would have tied the game . In between , Echenique found himself sprawled on the court after getting bumped hard as he moved toward the basket on a pick - and - roll play . He stayed down for several seconds , then glared at a referee as he got to his feet . Echenique turned into an aggressive force in the final 10 minutes . “ We are a totally different team , ” Greg McDermott said when asked what a fired - up Echenique means to his club . “ We don ’ t resemble the team that we are when he isn ’ t playing like that . He is so active . He made multiple plays on several possessions . “ I ’ m really proud of him , because sometimes it ’ s hard to get the switch flipped . When it gets flipped , he ’ s hard to deal with . ” Echenique ’ s dunk and free throw after being fouled started Creighton ’ s decisive run , putting the Bluejays ahead 50 - 44 . A VanDeest layup would cut the Bulldogs ’ deficit to four , but they wouldn ’ t score again for almost eight minutes while Creighton stretched its lead to 62 - 46 . “ You have to know how to use it when you get mad , ” Echenique said . “ I think I used it the right way out there today . ” His teammates know the Bluejays are a different team when Echenique is engaged , one reason Doug McDermott pulled him aside at halftime . Echenique had missed both of his shots in the first 20 minutes and , McDermott said , appeared to be down on himself . “ I just told him , ‘ Greg , you have to be the man here , ’ ” Doug said . “ I told him he was going to be our guy and we were going to feed him the ball . He took that to heart and played with a command . “ I ’ m proud of him , and hopefully he can continue to bring that night after night . ” Echenique scored five of Creighton ’ s first eight points in the second half . Artino then had four in row as Creighton opened its first 10 - point lead of the game before Drake countered with a 9 - 2 spurt that got the Bulldogs back with three points . Echenique “ was definitely a big factor , ” said VanDeest , who had 13 points . “ He has a huge body and uses his body around the basket . He really stepped up in the second half . ” Drake coach Mark Phelps agreed . “ Look at his numbers , ” Phelps said . “ He had 11 and 11 , and had six blocks . He was really good tonight . ” Artino was never better . His 14 points bettered his career high of 13 . He was two rebounds off his personal best , and his play , especially in the first half , gave Creighton a huge boost . “ Will was tremendous , ” Doug McDermott said . “ He ’ s so easy to play with because he can see over the defense , he ’ s good at the high - low pass and he crashes the boards every time . It ’ s great to have a guy like Will on the team . ” It goes without saying that it ’ s pretty valuable to have McDermott around , too . He came in needing 11 points to break Rodney Buford ’ s scoring record of 2 , 106 . McDermott had 10 points in the first 7 ½ minutes , then broke the record when he made the first of two free throws with 4 : 43 left in the half . McDermott now has 2 , 029 points in 106 games as a Bluejay , but who ’ s counting ? “ It ’ s a special feeling that I can ’ t explain to pass guys like Kyle Korver , guys I looked up to in my childhood , ” he said . “ And to do it in front of a big crowd here in St . Louis is cool . “ But I don ’ t even think about that stuff . You guys are going to make the most of it , but I ’ m just out there trying to win and play hard every night . ”

31_11ecb.xml
Tyler Hansbrough broke Phil Ford 's 30-year hold on the all-time North Carolina scoring record last night with an otherwise routine turnaround shot that never looks pretty with 7:41 left in the 1st half . Hansbrough 's 20 points and the Heels putting away Evansville 91-73 were afterthoughts , the entire night was dedicated to the historic event inside the Dean Smith Center . The game was stopped following the basket to recognize the achievement , and the celebration continued after the game when Hansbrough addressed the crowd . UNC officials bottled his tears so that scientists can study their possible healing ability .

31_11ecbplus.xml
http : sports . yahoo . com news creighton - defeats - drake - 65 - 53 - 205654668 - - ncaab . html Creighton defeats Drake 65 - 53 in MVC tournament March 8 , 2013 5 : 47 PM Doug McDermott scored 23 points to become Creighton's all - time scoring leader and the top - seeded Bluejays defeated Drake 65 - 53 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley Conference tournament . In Saturday's semifinals , Creighton ( 25 - 7 ) will play No . 5 seed Indiana State , which defeated Evansville 51 - 50 on Friday . Will Artino scored 14 points off the bench and Gregory Echenique had 11 points , 11 rebounds and six blocked shots for Creighton , which enjoyed a 44 - 26 rebounding edge . Grant Gibbs had eight of the Bluejays' 11 assists . McDermott , a junior , now has 2 , 129 points - 13 more than Rodney Buford , who played for the Bluejays from 1995 - 99 . Richard Carter scored 14 points and Seth VanDeest scored 13 for the ninth - seeded Bulldogs ( 15 - 17 ) . Jordan Clarke had 10 rebounds for Drake , which reached the quarterfinal by beating Bradley on Thursday night .

31_12ecb.xml
Hansbrough breaks UNC scoring record The Tar Heels and the Purple Aces play a game , but the attention is on record-setting UNC senior Tyler Hansbrough . Since the day he stepped foot on North Carolina 's campus , forward Tyler Hansbrough has been working to diversify his offensive resume by trying to extend his shooting range . But it seemed appropriate that when it came time to break UNC 's three-decades-old career scoring record during the top-ranked Tar Heels ' 91-73 basketball victory over Evansville on Thursday night , the senior went back to an old staple : a workmanlike power move . With 7:42 left in the first half at the Smith Center , Hansbrough muscled around Purple Aces forwards James Haarsma and Pieter van Tongeren to bank in a shot off the glass and score his 10th point of the game and 2,292nd point of his career . That basket broke the mark of 2,290 that point guard Phil Ford set from 1974 to 1978 . Hansbrough finished with 20 points and now has 2,302 for his career . `` It was very fitting -- three guys on him , he was moving to the basket , kind of off-balance , he banks it in with his soft hands , '' said Gene Hansbrough , who surprised his son by attending the game . `` It was a perfect shot for Tyler to break the record on . '' Point guard Ty Lawson also chipped in 16 points for the Tar Heels ( 10-0 ) , though coach Roy Williams looked frustrated at times by his team 's performance , particularly after Evansville 's Shy Ely ended the first half with a dunk . That led the coach to stomp off the court despite the fact that his team led by 18 points . The night , however , belonged to Hansbrough , who accepted the game ball and an embrace from Ford , now an assistant coach for the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats , immediately after setting the record . After the game , Ford pressed his hands together and bowed to the big man at mid-court , congratulating him as fans in the sellout crowd -- some of whom held signs reading `` Phil Ford 2,290 '' on one side and `` Tyler 2,291 + '' on the other -- were on their feet for a rousing ovation . `` It 's an honor to be compared in the same breath at Tyler , '' Ford said later . `` When I see how hard he plays , and how he listens to Coach Williams -- as a player , that 's why I tried to do . '' Then Hansbrough -- who followed his record-breaking bucket with a missed dunk attempt that probably will make the team blooper reel -- choked up as he watched a montage of current and former players congratulate him on the accomplishment . `` I got a little emotional , because you may not know all those guys [ in the video ] , but you 've got a connection , because you played here and you 're part of something that I consider a family , '' he said . Hansbrough , who also grabbed nine rebounds , had already secured his place in Tar Heels history -- and in the retired jersey portion of the Smith Center rafters , near Ford -- by earning consensus national player-of-the-year honors last season . Breaking such a long-standing record adds to his still-blooming legend . Ford passed the likes of Lennie Rosenbluth , Charles Scott and Larry Miller because they could play varsity basketball for only three years . Antawn Jamison , Michael Jordan and Rashad McCants failed to pass Ford because they stayed just three seasons . Then came Hansbrough , the sometimes awkward-looking big man from Poplar Bluff , Mo. , who opted to forgo going to the NBA after his freshman , sophomore and junior seasons in order to try to win an NCAA title . Although he said he was a little nervous straying from the lane his rookie season , he actually scored his first Tar Heels bucket on Nov. 19 , 2005 , when he led a three-on-two fast break against Gardner-Webb that finished with his jump shot in the lane . And he has barely slowed since , topping UNC 's chart for all-time free-throw attempts -- he passed the 1,000 mark Thursday night -- en route to his latest record . `` I wanted it on a 3 , '' Hansbrough said of the record-setting bucket , `` but in a game , I realize you have to do what you have to do . '' Which in his case , means playing with power and honing his improving finesse . If he remains healthy , the combination probably will help him become the ACC 's all-time leading scorer , as well . Former Duke star J.J. Redick holds that mark with 2,769 points . `` I do n't put anything past Tyler . If somebody tells me he 's going to break the NBA scoring record -- boy , that 's going to be hard -- but you never say never when it comes to Tyler , '' Gene Hansbrough said . `` He 's got a strong will . '' Danny Green ( 14 points ) became the 61st player in UNC history to score 1,000 points when he buried a 3-pointer in the second half .

31_13ecb.xml
The historical record will show that with 7:42 remaining in the first half against Evansville 's Purple Aces , Tyler Hansbrough became UNC 's all-time leading scorer , slipping a screen , fighting through a double-team , and banking in a two-pointer for his tenth point of the game and the 2,292nd point of his career . The record will show this in no small part because at least 20 sportswriters were diligently typing behind the home basket , writing versions of the same words at the very same moment . If there was going to be any mistake , it was quickly corrected by Carolina 's sports information army , abuzz all evening to ensure the moment was preserved perfectly . Then there were the photographers , on hand to document each move , each point , each congratulatory handshake . Beyond them , more than 20,000 witnesses ran their own internal documentary systems , surely thinking about how they 'll tell future generations of Tar Heel fans that they were present . Some might remember the moment coming at 7:41 , a tick of a second later than the actual basket , when the game clock was stopped for a tastefully brief ceremony and the obligatory photo op . Let the record show their memories were wrong , but it wo n't diminish the telling and retelling until history becomes legend , as it usually does . Often history happens in quieter places , witnessed by fewer people , not fully appreciated or understood until much later . But this episode was not left for chance . It had been anticipated for months , ever since Carolina 's lunch-bucket All-American decided to return for his senior season -- not because he cared a lick about breaking Phil Ford 's almost 30-year-old record , but because he loves student life on campus , loves basketball , and wanted to keep doing both at the same time as long as possible . The only hitch in the script was a sore shin and a twisted ankle that deferred the night for a few weeks , into late December , an early Christmas gift to the faithful who filled ( well , almost filled ) the Smith Center on a misty night . Everything else followed the script nicely . ESPN dutifully ensured a national audience would share the moment on television . Then Hansbrough 's father , Gene , made his surprise arrival at a game he was n't expected to attend . But how could he miss it , really ? Having nurtured his son 's talent and his competitive drive and his character and everything else along the way , history demanded he be in his seat , ready to stand and salute his son as he swallowed down the lump in his throat and expressed his love and thanks . Evansville proved the story 's perfect villain , keeping it close through the early stages , and giving an already charged-up crowd opportunity to boo lustily as the Purple Aces ' physical big men knocked Hansbrough to the ground on several occasions . Did n't they know that 's how Hansbrough would have wanted it -- physically challenged , and therefore determined to crush them into submission ? Ford , meanwhile , made a gentlemanly entrance , gracefully shook hands with fans of all ages , posed for pictures , and waited in the wings for history to arrive . After it did , he was pure class , thanking Roy Williams , Hansbrough , and the university for asking him to be a part of the night . `` It 's a dream come true for me , '' he said , sounding genuinely honored to be passing the torch to a player who , like him , gave his best for the program and properly understands that team success , not individual records , are the real measure of success . Even with the game underway and subject to unpredictable bounces , an official 's phantom call , or some other twist of fate , the script held . The first points came from the foul line , swishing through the basket without a doubt , as they have more often than for any other Carolina player before him . One reminder of greatness in the books . The next points rapidly followed on a series of jumpers , well beyond the range of anything doubters expected the brawling forward to hit on a regular basis when he was a freshman . `` I 'll prove you wrong , '' you could almost hear him thinking as he hit each one , showcasing the senior 's evolution into a complete player . Another reminder : players like this come along only once in a generation . Then there was the struggle , as teammates worked to get him the ball in scoring position . Having told everyone he wanted to break the record on a three , he camped out on the wing for one possession but failed to get a touch . On another , he posted hard inside as Danny Green took and missed an open three ; as the Heels ran to the other end , Williams appeared to holler at Green for failing to look inside first . On this night , with history looming , even good quality shots needed to wait for the moment . But the struggle was needed , too . Has n't that been the essence of Carolina 's working-class hero : the battler , scrapping for everything , finding success as much through passion as through athletic ability or skill ? It took will -- and a brief stint on the bench -- before the moment came . Then , sure as sure , it did . Because it did , a number of things will be quickly forgotten . Though Tywon Lawson had another dominant performance and Danny Green ( who broke a milestone of his own with his 1,000th career point ) showcased the increasingly confident game that makes his summer draft experiment seem less surprising , the Tar Heels grinded their way through a game with 16 turnovers -- two more than Evansville -- and only 17 assists . Deon Thompson never established a rhythm , taken out of his finesse game by the Purple Aces ' physical style . Early in the second half , Williams yanked out all five starters and replaced them with a Blue Team , unhappy with the focus and effort . And Wayne Ellington 's shooting slump continued , his normally perfect stroke disconcertingly slow to return from the finals break . It was another double-digit win , and against a quality mid-major opponent , but a work of art it was n't . Hansbrough , who looked as though he was pressing all night despite finishing with another 20-point , 9-rebound performance , admitted to the nerves . They were particularly evident on his next touch after the record-breaking points , when Hansbrough stole an inbounds pass , only to brick a dunk attempt off the back of the rim -- another moment that will probably be erased as history gives way to legend . `` I felt like there was a lot of pressure , '' he said . `` I did n't want to strictly focus on the scoring record . We had a game and I was trying to do whatever I could to help the team . Now I 'm glad it 's over , and I 'm ready to move on . '' Williams agreed . `` I said , `` I 'm glad we got that behind us , now let 's focus on playing better , and let 's focus on guarding somebody . '' I do n't look up at the scoreboard , but it was the first time that I can ever remember counting points in my head . So when [ the shot ] goes in , it was immediately a feeling of elation , and [ then ] a feeling of relief that we got that out of the way . '' Danny Green acknowledged the team was ready to move on as well . `` Yeah , definitely , '' he said . `` The one record we want to break is the winning record , going undefeated for an entire season and hopefully getting a national championship . That 's the record I want to achieve . '' History will remember this night , the emotions of the tribute video that followed the game , and the warmth of the celebratory laughter in the media room . But in the locker room , business remained . And in a brief quote that will probably be lost to memory , Phil Ford told the real story of the night in words that will echo until winter turns to spring . `` When I was coach here , if we did n't make the Final Four , it was a bad season , '' he said . `` And now , this guy , '' he continued , looking to Hansbrough , '' if he does n't win a national title , he has a bad season . '' Hansbrough did n't flinch , but the eyes flashed with recognition . The record is set , but history is still waiting .

31_14ecb.xml
Hansbrough broke Ford 's all-time scoring record at North Carolina during the game . A captive audience that included an emotional Tyler Hansbrough watched intently as the Smith Center video boards mixed in congratulatory remarks with the collection of memorable plays . The accompanying music : O.A.R. hit `` Shattered . '' Hansbrough , North Carolina 's new career scoring leader , approached midcourt when the song ended. UNC legend Phil Ford bowed before him . Hansbrough passed Ford for the top spot in school history while posting 20 points in the top-ranked Tar Heels ' 91-73 victory against Evansville on Thursday night . Hansbrough entered the game with 2,282 points , eight fewer than Ford 's total from 1974-78 . He broke the record when he posted up on the right block , spun toward the middle of the lane and banked in an off-balanced shot over James Haarsma with 7:42 remaining in the first half . Hansbrough missed a dunk 23 seconds later with UNC leading 24-20 , and the Tar Heels ( 10-0 ) took control with a 19-4 run . `` I 'm usually not nervous before games , and I was a little nervous before tonight just because I felt like there was a lot of pressure , '' Hansbrough said . `` One thing for me , I did n't want to strictly focus on trying to break a scoring record . We had a game , and I was trying to do whatever I could to help the team . `` Whenever it did happen , I was thrilled and excited it was over . Also , I felt very honored . '' Officials stopped the game when Hansbrough , who now has 2,302 points , made the record-setting basket. Ford , an assistant coach with the Charlotte Bobcats , was posing for a courtside picture with two UNC students when the ball went through the net . Ford , coach Roy Williams and director of athletics Dick Baddour presented Hansbrough with the gameball during the brief stoppage in play . `` It 's an honor to be compared in the same breath with Tyler , '' Ford said . `` When I look at how hard he plays and how he listens to Coach Williams , as a player , that 's what I tried to do . As a player I would n't outrun a lot of people or outjump a lot of people - I was extremely quick , I will say that . `` The only thing I had going for me is I played for a great coach who brought out the best abilities in the things I could do . I think that 's what Tyler does . '' The postgame ceremony featured comments from Williams , strength and conditioning coach Jonas Sahratian , Brendan Haywood , Marvin Williams , Raymond Felton , Antawn Jamison , Marcus Ginyard and Bobby Frasor . It also included clips of Hansbrough 's dunk over 7-foot-7 Kenny George , his buzzer-beating shot against Virginia Tech in the 2008 ACC Tournament and his game-clinching 3-pointer at Duke as a freshman . Ford made a favorable impression early in his UNC career at an unlikely sight : the Fetzer Field track . Roy Williams recalled the effort Ford put forth to complete the team 's mile run in a predetermined amount of time . `` The coaches are counting out the time as Phil Ford comes in there , and he dove across the line at Fetzer on the asphalt track , '' Williams said . `` Tyler Hansbrough would have done that . `` That , to me , is one of the most special things . Phil Ford is one of the greatest competitors I 've ever seen , and Tyler Hansbrough is also . There 's not a lot of people in that classroom . '' Hansbrough , like Ford , declined an opportunity to leave school for the NBA following his junior season . The fun of college is one reason Hansbrough , who 's on pace to take over the ACC career scoring mark currently held by Duke alum J.J. Redick , returned to UNC . The Tar Heels are favored to win the national championship , but the pursuit of a title is n't always serious business even if Hansbrough 's interaction with teammates such as Larry Drew suggests otherwise . `` There was a lot of hype around this game , but before the game the whole team is around playing Xbox and 'Mortal Kombat , ' '' Frasor said . `` He 's getting into it , calling Larry a cheater . Stuff like that you would n't get at a professional level . ''

31_1ecb.xml
In front of his home fans and a national television audience , Tyler Hansbrough became the all-time leading scorer for North Carolina basketball on Thursday in his team 's win over Evansville . Hansbrough needed just nine points in the game to eclipse Phil Ford for the top spot . He wound up with 20 after surpassing Ford 's mark in the first half . Hansbrough now has 2,301 career points as a Tar Heel . Hansbrough epitomizes all that is right with college basketball . He gives his best every night , plays the game right , and has stayed in school for all four years of eligibility . Amid much speculation about how he will fare in the NBA , Hansbrough has remained focused on the present and is one of the biggest parts of the top team in the country , on what many believe is the best team in recent memory . UNC is now 10-0 , with their closest margin of victory being by 15 points . Joining events such as the Big Ten/ACC Challenge and the Big 12/Pac 10 Hard-court Series , the SEC and Big East showcased four cross-conference games for the second straight season . While the SEC stole the show on Tuesday with victories from Vanderbilt and Tennessee , the Big East responded on Thursday with wins from Cincinnati and Louisville . Cincinnati jumped out to a big 18-point halftime lead over Mississippi State , and fended off a comeback to win 75-63 . The other game was very similar , as Louisville jumped out to a big lead on Mississippi . Mississippi came all the way back to tie the game in the second half before Louisville ultimately won 77-68 . Mississippi was playing amid some controversy , as head coach Andy Kennedy denied charges of physical assault and racial remarks toward a cab driver . Several other players had big nights on Thursday in addition to the record-setting night from Hansbrough . Louisville 's Earl Clark finished his team 's victory with 25 points and 16 rebounds , both career highs . Clark actually had 17 points in just over the first eight minutes of the game , accounting for 17 of his team 's first 24 points . Clark 's hot start helped Louisville to jump out on Ole Miss by a score of 32-14 midway through the first half . Cincinnati was led by Deonta Vaughn . Vaughn finished with 16 points and nine rebounds , scoring 14 in a four-minute stretch that resulted in a 20-2 run to close the half . Despite Evanville 's loss to UNC , one of their players was able to top Hansbrough in the scoring column . Shy Ely put up 23 points against the Tar Heels . Ely is a senior hoping to help lead the Purple Aces to the top of the Missouri Valley Conference this season . Western Kentucky , the same team that has given Louisville its only loss of the season , earned a huge victory in their first conference game of the season by winning on the road against South Alabama . Western Kentucky and South Alabama have dominated the Sun Belt Conference in recent years , and both made the NCAA tournament last season . The Hilltoppers were led by 20-point efforts from guards A.J. Slaughter and Orlando Mendez-Valdez . Three teams went into games on Thursday night trying to earn their first victories of the season . Congratulations are in order for North Florida , who beat Furman 77-66 . The other two teams were not as fortunate . North Carolina Central dropped to 0-13 after a 66-51 loss to Winstom-Salem and Texas Southern moved to 0-10 after absorbing a blowout loss to No. 9-ranked Gonzaga .

31_1ecbplus.xml
http : sports . omaha . com 2013 03 08 mcdermott - becomes - cus - all - time - scoring - leader # . UlZxTBaKzlI PUBLISHED FRIDAY , MARCH 8 , 2013 AT 12 : 46 PM UPDATED AT 12 : 48 PM McDermott becomes CU ’ s all - time scoring leader With a first - half free throw , junior forward Doug McDermott scored his 11th point of the Bluejays ’ Valley tournament opener and passed Rodney Buford to become the school ’ s all - time scoring leader with 2 , 117 points . McDermott ended the game with 2 , 129 points . With his first five points of the game , McDermott passed Bob Harstad ( 2 , 110 ) and the next six helped him overtake Buford ( 2 , 116 ) , the last two players ahead of him on the Bluejays ’ career scoring chart . It took Buford and Harstad four seasons to amass their point totals . McDermott has notched his in 105 games over three seasons .

31_2ecb.xml
Top-ranked North Carolina waited for Tyler Hansbrough to make history , then cruised to its latest lopsided victory . Hansbrough scored 20 points last night to break the storied program 's career scoring record and help the Tar Heels ( 10-0 ) remain unbeaten with a 91-73 victory over visiting Evansville ( 7-2 ) . The reigning National Player of the Year passed Phil Ford for the record midway through the first half . Ford , now an assistant coach to fellow Tar Heel alumnus Larry Brown with the NBA Charlotte Bobcats , finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points . As soon as the record-setting shot went through the net , officials briefly stopped the game to allow Ford , coach Roy Williams and athletic director Dick Baddour to present Hansbrough with the game ball . `` I never dreamed I 'd be here and be the all-time leading scorer , '' Hansbrough said as he stood alone at midcourt after the game . `` This is a great honor to be here and to represent you guys every night in this uniform . '' Shy Ely scored 23 points for the Purple Aces .

31_2ecbplus.xml
http : whiteandbluereview . com ? p=22999 Ott ’ s Thoughts : Creighton Returns to MVC Semis With Win Over Drake Posted on March 09 , 2013 The roar . My goodness , the roar . Take approximately 7 , 000 Creighton hoops fans . Ply them with a cocktail or two . Heap a few heavy dashes of high expectations for the weekend , and shake it all up with one big sense of being on vacation . That concoction looks like a blue - out in the Scottrade Center . It sounds like an overwhelming tidal wave of blue - clad crazies crashing onto the hard court after every Doug McDermott make and terrible officiating call . Creighton fans overtook the turnstiles in St . Louis Friday afternoon . They came from all over the Midwest and beyond to see CU win the weekend , and the Bluejays obliged the first of three requisite wins for an Arch Madness championship . Drake put up a fight ; the Bulldogs twice cut Creighton ’ s lead to 3 points midway through the second half . But a 15 - 2 run during 5 minutes late in the game sealed the deal for the Jays , who will meet Indiana State in the semifinals Saturday afternoon after the Sycamores outlasted Evansville 51 - 50 Friday . Creighton ’ s win over Drake was historic for a few reasons , chief among them McDermott setting the Creighton career scoring record . McDermott scored 10 of the team ’ s first 17 points , displaying a mix of three - point touch and the ability to finish around the rim . You know , classic Dougie Fresh . Those 10 points tied McDermott with Rodney Buford , Creighton ’ s all - time leading scorer . And as those of us in the crowd who paid attention to such things held off on a bathroom or beer trip to watch him score one more point to break the record , McDermott wouldn ’ t do so for another 8 minutes of game time . Still , it was inevitable . And a bit anticlimactic , frankly , when he toed the free throw line and set the record with a one - for - two trip to the charity stripe . Still , that McDermott broke Rodzilla ’ s record in just three seasons is wild to me . I ’ m lucky to say I ’ ve been able to watch McDermott , Buford , Bob Harstad , and Chad Gallagher — the school ’ s top four scorers in history — during my time on Earth cheering for the Jays . But had you told me after that NCAA Tournament game in 1999 that Buford ’ s record would be bested by a guy in only three seasons , I ’ d have called you nuts . Or , as the kids around the Valley type on Twitter right now , #nutz . As for the entirety of his afternoon , McDermott was usual Dependable Doug . With a building full of NBA scouts hanging on his moves ( and , later , on Illinois State ’ s Jackie Carmichael ’ s ridiculous individual performance ) , McDermott scored 23 points and grabbed 7 rebounds in 35 minutes . He left the court to chants of “ ONE MORE YEAR ! ONE MORE YEAR ! ONE MORE YEAR ! ” Indeed . But for all of McDermott ’ s historic accomplishments and his game - high scoring output , the storyline from the CU side of things was the combined play of Gregory Echenique and Will Artino . Echenique hadn ’ t scored much in two games against Drake earlier this season : he put up just 2 points in a 30 - point CU win in Omaha , and then battled foul trouble all night in Des Moines as Drake upset CU . And he went scoreless in the first half Friday . But up stepped Artino , Echenique ’ s sub when the CU coaching staff goes in favor of size and a high low game instead of Ethan Wragge ’ s shooting touch from deep . Friday afternoon , Artino gave the Bluejays 14 energized and efficient minutes . Entering February , he had played double - digit minutes in just six games . Since the calendar flipped from January , though , he ’ s had five such games . Friday was arguably his most important performance of the season , given the stakes . Artino checked in at the under - 16 : 00 media timeout and immediately broke a 12 - 12 tie with a dunk . Fouled on the flush , he finished the traditional three - point play with a free throw . Two trips later , Artino missed a shot but secured the follow and scored again . He would grab two more rebounds before checking out with 9 : 07 to play in the first half . While he was in , Creighton ’ s lead grew as great as 9 points . In 8 first - half minutes , the guy teammates and fans call Big Swag scored 7 points and ripped down 5 rebounds . He played the high - low possessions well . While Drake held Echenique scoreless in the first half , Artino was able to find success . He finished the day with a career - high 14 points and 6 rebounds ( 5 on the offensive glass ) . In the second half , though , Echenique got , um , engaged with things . He scored all 11 of his points , grabbed 6 of his team - high 11 rebounds , and swatted 5 of his season - high 6 blocked shots ( the 6 blocks are second - most in an MVC Tournament game ) . During the game ’ s deciding 15 - 2 run , Echenique scored two traditional three - point plays , grabbed 3 of his 11 rebounds , and blocked two shots . Hammered on a no - call and forced to play at a disadvantage based on inconsistent referring in the frontcourt , Echenique seemed fired up . He flexed a few times , too , so as to remind the Bulldogs who the alpha dog in the paint was on Friday afternoon . The tournament ’ s top seed sticks around for Semifinal Saturday . The 1998 Bradley Braves remains the only play - in winner to advance past the quarterfinals , when they beat a two - seeded Creighton team . Wichita State survived a close game against Missouri State Friday evening , and Illinois State broke away late from Northern Iowa to advance as the six - seed . The Valley will have four solid fan bases represented in the Scottrade Center Saturday afternoon , with white and blue and black and gold the predominant colors swirling around the lower bowl . The day sets up for some solid matchups : The last time the two teams played , Indiana State made Creighton look completely lost . A blacked out crowd in Terre Haute helped the Sycamores to a resounding win . Meanwhile , it took a Carmichael karate kick and other late - game miscues for Illinois State to practically hand over a win to Wichita State in Normal .

31_3ecb.xml
Tyler Hansbrough scored 20 Thursday night to break North Carolina 's career scoring record and help the No. 1 Tar Heels remain unbeaten with a 91-73 victory over Evansville in Chapel Hill , N.C . The reigning national player of the year finished 7-for-14 from the field and had nine rebounds for North Carolina ( 10-0 ) , which shook off a slow start and stretched the lead to double figures shortly after Hansbrough passed Phil Ford for the record midway through the first half . Ford , now an assistant coach to Larry Brown with the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats , finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points .

31_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . omaha . com article 20130425 BLUEJAYS 704259841 Creighton's Doug McDermott returns for senior season Doug McDermott ’ s teammates figured it was just another day in the gym Wednesday afternoon . They were playing pick - up games with a guy they didn ’ t know for sure would be around next season . But McDermott had a secret . Shortly before hitting the court , McDermott had told his father , Creighton coach Greg McDermott , that he intended to return for his senior season rather than declare for the NBA draft . Father and son then informed Creighton Athletic Director Bruce Rasmussen . Doug called his mom to break the news to her , then stepped into the gym to play a little ball . “ He wasn ’ t acting any different , ” Grant Gibbs said . “ Business as usual . ” Later that night , McDermott let the news slip to a couple of them . “ I had to go to class today , knowing that he was going to announce it , and try to be super low - key , ” Jahenns Manigat said . “ But I couldn ’ t stop smiling . ” It ’ s safe to assume Bluejay Nation had much the same reaction when , shortly before 2 p . m . , McDermott sent out the following message on Twitter : “ I will be returning to Creighton for my senior year and can ’ t wait to put on that uniform for one more season . ” McDermott ’ s return for his senior season will allow a fan base that has come to marvel at his on - court accomplishments the past three seasons one more chance to watch him . College basketball insiders see his return possibly giving Creighton more of a fighting chance as it moves into the new Big East . For McDermott , it will give him a chance to make more of an orderly transition from college basketball to professional basketball . He knows he ’ s taking a risk from a financial standpoint . “ That ’ s definitely a lot of money I ’ m passing down , but that money could be there next year , ” McDermott told reporters Thursday . “ It might not be quite as much , but you really can ’ t put a price tag on a senior year . ” That was the same theme that McDermott touched on repeatedly Wednesday night in an exclusive interview with The World - Herald . In the final analysis , McDermott ’ s heart won out over the cash . “ My heart has been telling me all along to stay , but my mind tried to take over a couple of times , ” McDermott said . “ I just ended up trusting myself that I was making the right decision . ” His mind , of course , focused on the financial benefits that might be his had he decided to turn professional . Based on evaluations he received from the NBA Draft Advisory Committee , McDermott said , “ There was no doubt in my mind that I would have been a first - round pick . ” That would have meant a two - year , guaranteed contract that could have been worth between a minimum of $888 , 600 to $1 . 4 million if he had been selected with one of the last 15 picks in the lower half of the first round . That initially had his father recommending that his son turn pro . “ He knew my dream is to play in the NBA , and he just felt that this was too good of an opportunity to pass up , ” Doug said . “ But the way I look at it , if I can play in the NBA , I can play there the next year just as well as I can next year . “ I feel there are things I can work on . I feel I can still improve my draft stock by playing in the Big East . There are a lot of areas that I can get better at , and I just felt I ’ d be more comfortable doing it here in Omaha . ” McDermott had heard more than once from outsiders that he should turn pro because he had nothing left to prove as a collegian . The 6 - foot - 8 , 225 - pound forward has been a consensus first - team All - American in each of the past two seasons . He broke Creighton ’ s career scoring record near the end of the last season . That argument might have swayed some players , but if there is anything McDermott has shown the past three seasons it ’ s that he ’ s an unconventional superstar . He remains as unassuming as the day he stepped on campus in June 2010 . He embraces the attention from an adoring fan base that some players might find stifling . It ’ s that fan base , McDermott said , that figured prominently into his decision . “ I care so much about Creighton , ” he said . “ There are a lot of people around here that believed in me . This whole fan base has been with me from the start . I felt like I owed them one more year . ” McDermott said the opportunity to play in the new conference became more of a factor as he got deeper into the decision - making process . He admitted had Creighton remained in the Missouri Valley it might have made it easier to turn pro . But the opportunity to play in the Big East , and perhaps prove a few people wrong , was too much to pass up . “ I feel there are a lot of people that don ’ t believe we can be successful in the Big East , ” McDermott said . “ If you ask anyone on our team , we feel that we ’ re going to be capable of doing some damage there . “ That played into my decision a lot . I care for the guys in this program and I care for the coaches . I wanted to do what I could to help make this transition a successful one . ” What didn ’ t factor into his decision , he said , was the fear that he would be leaving his dad in a tight spot had he bolted for the NBA . As Greg McDermott said Thursday , his son ’ s 23 points and eight rebounds a game will come in handy next season . But Doug said his father and Creighton would have been fine had he decided to leave . “ He never pushed for me to stay , ” Doug said . In an interview with The World - Herald on Tuesday , McDermott indicated he might remain undecided until Sunday ’ s deadline to declare for the draft . The agony of the decision - making process was apparent as he spoke . He clearly was undecided . In discussing his decision Wednesday night , McDermott said he never intended to take so long in making up his mind . “ I apologize for putting people through that , ” he said . In trying to make up his mind , McDermott said , he put his emotions to a test . He would go through one day with the idea in mind that he was headed for the NBA . The next day , he would approach things as if he would be returning to Creighton . “ I wanted to see how I felt , ” McDermott said . “ I found myself waking up the next day feeling a whole lot better when I was thinking about coming back . But I went back and forth more times than you can imagine . ” He said Tuesday that he had talked with former Creighton All - American Kyle Korver , now in his 10th season in the NBA . McDermott also sought the counsel of Harrison Barnes , his former teammate at Ames High School who now is wrapping up his rookie season with the Golden State Warriors . “ He and I talked before the NCAA tournament , and he told me I should go to the NBA if I felt I was 100 percent ready , ” McDermott said . “ That really stuck with me . “ Harrison told me that playing in the NBA is a completely different world . The money is nice , but you ’ re out there fighting for your job every night . It ’ s not like college , where you ’ re playing for the love of the game and for the fans . ” In the end , those factors appealed more to McDermott than money . “ I believe I ’ m going to play in the NBA , but I have to do it when I feel I ’ m 100 percent ready , ” he said . “ I feel like I have some unfinished business here at Creighton . I feel like I can be a lot better , and why not do it here where I can have fun for another year . “ I ’ m so relieved . I feel like a ton of weight has been lifted off my shoulders . I can ’ t put into words how happy I am this is behind me and how excited I am to be coming back . This just feels right . ”

31_4ecb.xml
Hansbrough , who came back for his senior season after being crowned the National Player of the Year , moved into the top spot with a tough leaner in the lane with two Evansville defenders hanging on him with 7:42 left in the first half Jon Scheyer and Kyle Singler each logged 22 points , as the second-ranked Duke Blue Devils fended off a late Davidson rally to top the Wildcats , 79-67 , at Cameron Indoor Stadium . Scheyer also dished out four assists while Singler added six rebounds for Duke ( 13-1 ) , which won its fifth straight game and moved to 9-0 at home . Gerald Henderson contributed 11 points and seven boards to the winning effort . The nation 's leading scorer , Stephen Curry , posted a game-high 29 points to go with eight rebounds and six assists . But the sharpshooter went just 1-for-8 from three-point range and had seven of Davidson 's 17 turnovers in the loss . Andrew Lovedale finished with 15 points while pulling down seven boards for the Wildcats ( 10-3 ) , whose three losses this season have all come against ranked opponents . Tyler Hansbrough had 24 points and seven rebounds in a balanced attack , and the third-ranked North Carolina Tar Heels bounced back from their first loss with a 108-70 rout of the College of Charleston Cougars . Deon Thompson had 15 points for the Tar Heels ( 14-1 ) , who were beaten at home by Boston College , 85-78 , on Sunday . Danny Green scored 14 points , while Ty Lawson posted 15 points and eight assists in the win . Wayne Ellington contributed 10 points for North Carolina . Tony White , Jr. had a team-high 16 points for the College of Charleston ( 10-3 ) , which has lost two straight after a 10-game win streak . Antwaine Wiggins and Donavan Monroe each had 12 points in the loss . Andy Rautins scored 17 points and added six assists , leading 11th-ranked Syracuse to an 85-68 win over DePaul at the Carrier Dome . Arinze Onuaku totaled 14 points and 12 rebounds for the Orange ( 15-1 , 3-0 Big East ) , who have won six in a row since falling to Cleveland State on December 15 . Paul Harris finished with 14 points , nine boards and four blocks , while Eric Devendorf chipped in 13 points . Dar Tucker poured in 18 points for the Blue Demons ( 8-8 , 0-3 ) , who have dropped four of their last five games . Will Walker netted 13 points and Mac Koshwal pulled down 13 rebounds to go along with a 12-point effort . Matt Bouldin scored 26 points , as Gonzaga dominated overtime to record an 89-79 win over 15th-ranked Tennessee , snapping the Volunteers ' 37-game home winning streak . Wednesday 's matchup was the second meeting between the schools this season , as Gonzaga also beat Tennessee , 83-74 , in the title game of the Old Spice Classic on November 30th . As for the Vols ' home winning streak , the 37 games are a school record and it had been the second-longest active streak in the nation -- second only to Notre Dame 's 44 . Austin Daye finished with 20 points and eight rebounds for Gonzaga ( 9-4 ) , which snapped a three-game losing streak . Josh Heytvelt added 15 points and 12 boards in the win for the Bulldogs . Cameron Tatum had 22 points to pace Tennessee ( 9-4 ) , which has lost two in a row . Tyler Smith added 17 points for the Vols before appearing to suffer a left knee injury late in overtime . Wayne Chism had a career-high 19 boards and 15 points in the loss . Jeremy Lin posted a game-high 27 points with eight assists , as Harvard shocked 17th-ranked Boston College , 82-70 , at Conte Forum . Oliver McNally had 17 points , including a 10-for-11 mark from the foul line , for the Crimson ( 8-6 ) , who recorded their first-ever win over a ranked team . Andrew Pusar added 13 , while Doug Miller scored eight points with nine boards . Corey Raji posted 16 points for the Eagles ( 13-3 ) , who had won 10 consecutive games , including an 85-78 shocker at then-No. 1 North Carolina on Sunday . Tyrese Rice added 14 points , and Joe Trapani had 12 in a surprising setback . Wesley Matthews posted a game-high 23 points thanks to perfect 10-for-10 shooting from the floor , with a team-best six rebounds as 18th-ranked Marquette slipped by Rutgers , 81-76 , at the RAC . Jerel McNeal posted 16 points for the Golden Eagles ( 14-2 , 3-0 Big East ) , winners in six straight games. Dominic James added 15 points with six assists . Mike Rosario scored 22 points for the Scarlet Knights ( 9-7 , 0-3 ) , who dropped their fourth in a row , all to ranked opponents . Corey Chandler chipped in with 19 points and seven boards while JR Inman posted a game-high eight rebounds in the loss . Earl Clark finished with 22 points and nine rebounds , as 23rd-ranked Louisville opened its Big East slate with a 71-57 win over South Florida . Edgar Sosa added 12 points for the Cardinals ( 10-3 , 1-0 Big East ) , who have won two in a row since a loss to UNLV on New Year 's Eve . Louisville had opened Big East play with a loss in each of the past four seasons , but this season began league play with a road win . However , the Cardinals did so against the only team in the Big East -- which has nine teams ranked in the AP Top 25 -- with a losing record . South Florida ( 5-9 , 0-2 ) has lost four of its last five games overall , and two in a row , after opening its Big East schedule last Friday with a loss to Syracuse . Dominique Jones had 11 points and five boards in the loss for the Bulls , while Augustus Gilchrist also chipped in 11 points .

31_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . gocreighton . com ViewArticle . dbml ? DB _ OEM _ ID=1000&ATCLID=206661464 McDermott Sets Scoring Record as Men's Basketball Tops Drake Release : 03 08 2013 Doug McDermott became the leading scorer in Creighton history and had five points during a pivotal 15 - 2 run as top - seeded Creighton defeated Drake , 65 - 53 , on Friday afternoon in the first quarterfinal of the Missouri Valley Conference Tournament . Creighton improved to 25 - 7 on the season and advances to play Saturday in a 1 : 35 pm semifinal against Indiana State . Drake , which defeated Bradley in the play - in round just 18 hours earlier , fell to 15 - 17 . Creighton broke open a 12 - all game with some strong play by Will Artino to key a 7 - 0 run . The sophomore center from Iowa came off the bench and dunked to start a traditional three - point play . McDermott would follow with a jumper to tie the scoring record , and Artino answered with another bucket to make it 19 - 12 with 11 : 43 left in the first half . McDermott's history - making point came at the foul line , when he sank a free throw with 4 : 43 left in the first half . It gave him 2 , 117 career points , passing Rodney Buford's career mark that had stood since 1999 and moving him into 10th in MVC history . The Jays led 33 - 26 at the half , paced by 13 points from McDermott . CU dominated the glass 22 - 13 , the paint ( 16 - 10 ) and the second chance points ( 9 - 0 ) in the first 20 minutes , while also outscoring DU 12 - 3 off the bench . Creighton would take its first double - digit lead of the day at 45 - 35 on a pair of Artino free throws with 13 : 41 to go . Drake countered with a 9 - 2 run and missed a tying trey by Richard Carter with about 10 : 00 to play . The Jays answered , as Echenique threw down a powerful alley - oop during a three - point play and the lead returned to 54 - 46 a short time later on Austin Chatman's first score of the second half and a McDermott hoop in transition to move ahead by eight with 7 : 54 to go . After a timeout , McDermott hit his third trifecta of the day , and Echenique's third three - point play of the day made it 60 - 46 with 6 : 11 to go . Gibbs ended the run with two charity shots , and the Jays would keep Drake off the scoreboard for nearly seven minutes to pull away . McDermott led all players with 23 points while also grabbing seven rebounds . He made 3 - of - 4 three attempts from 3 - point range . Echenique generated a double - double with 11 points , 11 rebounds and six swats , with most of that production after half . Artino complemented Echenique inside by scoring a career - high 14 points and adding six rebounds . The Jays shot 46 . 8 percent for the game ( 22 - 47 ) and owned the glass by a 44 - 26 margin . Drake was paced by 13 points from Seth VanDeest , while Richard Carter had 12 points and four assists . Drake shot 35 . 0 percent overall and just 11 - of - 36 after intermission . The win improved Creighton to 41 - 20 all - time in MVC Tournament play , easily the most victories by any team in event history . The Jays are 19 - 12 all - time in the quarterfinal round , and 5 - 2 all - time vs . Drake in the event .

31_5ecb.xml
Hansbrough Sets Scoring Record in Victory Top-ranked North Carolina waited for Tyler Hansbrough to make history , then cruised to its latest lopsided victory . Hansbrough scored 20 points Thursday night , breaking North Carolina 's career scoring record , and the Tar Heels beat visiting Evansville , 91-73 . Hansbrough , the reigning national player of the year , passed Phil Ford for the record midway through the first half . Ford finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points . Hansbrough now has 2,301 . Hansbrough needed 9 points coming in and set the record with a bank shot over two defenders with 7 minutes 41 seconds to go . After the game , the university showed a video montage of Hansbrough 's career highlights , and he briefly addressed the crowd . `` I never dreamed I 'd be here and be the all-time leading scorer , `` Hansbrough said as he stood alone at midcourt . `` This is a great honor to be here and to represent you guys every night in this uniform . '' Ty Lawson added 16 points for the Tar Heels , and Danny Green had 14 , including the 1,000th of his career . Shy Ely had 23 points for the Purple Aces ( 7-2 ) .

31_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . mvc - sports . com mbasketball news 2012 - 13 6527 arch - madness - creighton - 65 - drake - 53 Friday , March 08 , 2013 Arch Madness : Creighton 65 , Drake 5 Doug McDermott scored 23 points to become Creighton's all - time scoring leader and the top - seeded Bluejays defeated Drake 65 - 53 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley Conference tournament . Creighton ( 25 - 7 ) will play the winner of Friday's second semifinal between Evansville and Indiana State . Will Artino scored 14 points off the bench and Gregory Echenique had 11 points , 11 rebounds and six blocked shots for Creighton , which enjoyed a 44 - 26 rebounding edge . Grant Gibbs had eight of the Bluejays' 11 assists . McDermott , a junior , now has 2 , 129 points - - 13 more than Rodney Buford , who played for the Bluejays from 1995 - 99 . Richard Carter scored 14 points and Seth VanDeest scored 13 for the ninth - seeded Bulldogs ( 15 - 17 ) . Jordan Clarke had 10 rebounds for Drake , which reached the quarterfinal by beating Bradley on Thursday night .

31_6ecb.xml
Tyler Hansbrough scored 20 points to break North Carolina 's career scoring record and help the top-ranked Tar Heels remain unbeaten with a 91-73 victory over Evansville on Thursday night . The reigning national player of the year finished 7-for-14 from the field and had nine rebounds for North Carolina ( 10-0 ) , which shook off a slow start and stretched the lead to double figures shortly after Hansbrough passed Phil Ford for the record midway through the first half . Ford , now an assistant coach with the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats , finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points . Hansbrough , who needed nine points coming in , tied Ford on a jumper from the left wing with 14:05 left in the first half . He set the record by muscling in a bank shot over two defenders with 7:41 to go . Ty Lawson added 16 points for the Tar Heels , while Danny Green had 14 , including the 1,000th of his career . Shy Ely scored 23 points for the Purple Aces ( 7-2 ) .

31_6ecbplus.xml
http : bigstory . ap . org article creighton - defeats - drake - 65 - 53 - mvc - tournament CREIGHTON DEFEATS DRAKE 65 - 53 IN MVC TOURNAMENT Mar . 8 5 : 46 PM EST Doug McDermott scored 23 points to become Creighton's all - time scoring leader and the top - seeded Bluejays defeated Drake 65 - 53 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley Conference tournament . In Saturday's semifinals , Creighton ( 25 - 7 ) will play No . 5 seed Indiana State , which defeated Evansville 51 - 50 on Friday . Will Artino scored 14 points off the bench and Gregory Echenique had 11 points , 11 rebounds and six blocked shots for Creighton , which enjoyed a 44 - 26 rebounding edge . Grant Gibbs had eight of the Bluejays' 11 assists . McDermott , a junior , now has 2 , 129 points — 13 more than Rodney Buford , who played for the Bluejays from 1995 - 99 . Richard Carter scored 14 points and Seth VanDeest scored 13 for the ninth - seeded Bulldogs ( 15 - 17 ) . Jordan Clarke had 10 rebounds for Drake , which reached the quarterfinal by beating Bradley on Thursday night .

31_7ecb.xml
Hansbrough broke UNC 's career scoring record the Carolina way During the spring of 1977 , North Carolina coach Dean Smith invited his star guard Phil Ford , who had just completed his junior season , into his office . Smith told Ford that he had done some research on where Ford would be selected in the upcoming NBA draft. Based on that information , he recommended to Ford that he leave school . Ford did n't even have to think about it . He told Smith right away that he was n't interested . `` At the time , a lot of people were n't doing that , so going pro was n't something I had even considered at all , '' Ford says . `` The financial situation was different back then as well . At the time , my parents were teachers , so getting my degree was very important to me . The opportunity was n't worth me not getting my degree . '' Last April , Tyler Hansbrough faced a similar decision , but under much different circumstances . Hansbrough plays in an era when not only is it common for undergraduates to turn pro , but in some circles a player is considered a failure if he stays past his junior year . Needless to say , he faced a financial opportunity much greater than the one Ford confronted three decades ago . Hansbrough spent two full weeks torturing himself over the impending decision . When Hansbrough finally told Roy Williams he wanted to return for his senior year , he felt like the weight of the world was off his shoulders . He was so relieved that he did n't even leave the weight room when Williams asked him to come to his office so they could craft a press release . `` It was a stressful process , '' Hansbrough said in mid-October . `` You 're thinking about what you 're going to do with the rest of your life . Every time I thought about leaving , I thought about how much I 'd miss coming home , living with my teammates and doing a lot of the fun things we do . I just felt like coming back would be the best situation for me . '' In considering that life decision , it 's doubtful Hansbrough gave much thought to the chance he would have to become North Carolina 's alltime scoring leader if he returned . Still , given the century 's worth of tradition that has reigned in Chapel Hill , it was no small feat that Hansbrough accomplished Thursday night , when he broke Ford 's school career scoring mark with less than eight minutes to play in the first half of North Carolina 's game against Evansville North Carolina has established itself as the gold standard of college basketball , and in the soft-spoken , hard-charging , 6-foot-9 power forward from Poplar Bluff , Missouri , this proud program has a worthy standard bearer . Ford is correct when he says that people are n't appreciative enough of Hansbrough 's skills , but there is no doubt that what sets this young man apart is the intensity with which he plays . If Ford was a classical symphony , Hansbrough is a heavy metal rock concert , powering , jostling , banging , and always , always out-hustling his opponent en route to the basket . It is instructive that while Hansbrough remains ninth on the ACC 's alltime scoring list , he is already the league 's career leader in free throws attempted . If he stays healthy , he will likely leave North Carolina as the school 's alltime rebounds king . More than anything , though , Tyler Hansbrough deserves this record because he came back to school . This is not to disparage players like Michael Jordan , Antawn Jamison and Rashad McCants who might have had a shot at Ford 's mark had they stayed . But at a place like North Carolina , which embodies team play , the scoring record should belong to a four-year player . Hansbrough would probably not have been a top-five draft pick had he left , but it 's unlikely he will signifcantly improve his draft status by playing another year . Also , at the time Hansbrough made his decision he was assuming that at least one of his fellow undergraduates , and as many as three of them , would be turning pro , diminishing the Tar Heels ' chances of winning a championship . Hansbrough came back anyway , and for all the right reasons . Ford also points out that because freshmen were not eligible to play varsity ball from 1954-73 , a huge swath of mega talents who suited up for UNC did n't have the chance to hold onto this record -- including the man Ford passed , Lenny Rosenbluth , who still holds the school 's record for career scoring average ( 26.9 ) and is fourth in points scored . Hansbrough is sixth on the school 's career scoring average list at 20.2 . Still , it takes a special individual to eclipse a record that has stood at a place like North Carolina for 30 years . Ford remembers little about the night he passed Rosenbluth . He believes he broke the record late in the first half , the game was not interrupted , and neither he nor Rosenbluth had much to say about it . In fact , Rosenbluth was n't even there that night . When I asked Ford if he still has the game ball , he said he thought he might , but he has moved so much in recent years ( he worked as an assistant coach for the Detroit Pistons and New York Knicks before joining the Charlotte Bobcats last year ) that he thinks the ball may be packed away somewhere . `` To be honest , I was just happy to get it over with , '' Ford says . `` I did n't want anything distracting from the team . '' If the circumstances were different than they were in 1978 , the central tenets of the Carolina Way have endured , from Rosenbluth to Ford to Hansbrough . While offering his congratulations to Hansbrough , Ford is quick to add that the career scoring record is the least important mark at North Carolina . `` We never cared who scored the ball , '' he says , `` as long as someone with the Carolina jersey got the ball in the basket . '' Tyler Hansbrough would be the first to agree , even as he jostles and bangs his way towards history .

31_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . starherald . com sports regional mcdermott - fuels - creighton - past - drake - in - mvc - tournament - opener article _ a6fd2852 - 8838 - 11e2 - a239 - 0019bb2963f4 . html McDermott fuels Creighton past Drake in MVC Tournament opener Posted : Friday , March 8 , 2013 2 : 39 pm Doug McDermott scored 23 points Friday and became Creighton ’ s all - time leading scorer in helping the Bluejays to a 65 - 53 victory over Drake at the quarterfinals of the Missouri Valley tournament . McDermott broke Rodney Buford ’ s school scoring record of 2 , 116 points with a free throw with 4 : 43 to play in the first half . McDermott now has 2 , 129 points heading into Saturday ’ s semifinals against the winner of Friday ’ s second quarterfinal between Evansville and Indiana State . Creighton also got 14 points from backup center Will Artino , while starting center Gregory Echenique scored 11 points , all in the second half , to help the top - seeded Bluejays shake the stubborn Bulldogs . Drake , which had defeated Bradley in Thursday ’ s play - in round , hung with Creighton for about 30 minutes before running out of gas and ending its season 15 - 17 . Creighton , with more than 6 , 000 fans cheering it on at the Scottrade Center , improved to 25 - 7 . Seth VanDeest led Drake with 13 points , while Richard Carter added 12 for the Bulldogs . Creighton got five points from Echenique in the first 3½ minutes of the second half as the Bluejays added a point to their 33 - 26 halftime lead when the center converted a three - point play to make it 41 - 33 . Artino picked up the slack in the first half as he scored seven points . Five came in a 7 - 0 run that allowed the Bluejays to go from being tied with the Bulldogs at 12 - 12 to a 19 - 12 lead . Artino struck again in the second half , scoring four straight points on a dunk and two free throws that allowed Creighton to open a 45 - 36 lead with 13 : 41 to play . Drake got baskets from Carter and Ben Simons to close within six again , then made it a 45 - 42 game when Simons buried a 3 - pointer from the corner with 11 minutes to play . Artino ’ s putback on the next possession put Creighton up 47 - 42 but VanDeest ’ s basket pulled Drake back within three . After a Creighton turnover , Drake had a chance to tie but Richard Carter couldn ’ t convert an open look , 3 - point shot . Echenique ’ s three - point play stretched the Creighton lead to 50 - 44 , and the Bluejays got baskets from Austin Chatman and McDermott on their next two possessions to make it 54 - 46 with 7 : 54 to play . McDermott then buried a 3 - point shot coming off a screen to make it 57 - 46 with 7 : 02 remaining . After Echenique blocked a shot on Drake ” s end , he turned a rebound into a three - point play to make it 60 - 46 . Two Grant Gibbs free throws hiked the run to 12 - 0 , making it 62 - 46 before Drake snapped its scoreless string with two free throws with 1 : 41 to play .

31_8ecb.xml
Hansbrough breaks 30-year-old UNC scoring mark Forward Tyler Hansbrough broke North Carolina 's all-time scoring record in Thursday 's game against Evansville . Phil Ford 's school mark of 2,290 points set in 1978 held strong amongst a plethora of talented Tar Heels over the years , but Hansbrough , who came back for his senior season after being crowned the National Player of the Year , moved into the top spot with a tough leaner in the lane with two Purple Aces defenders hanging on him with 7:42 left in the first half . The game was stopped and Ford was on hand to congratulate Hansbrough at half-court . The Missouri native suffered through a shin injury earlier in the season that forced him to miss four games . In the five games he played before Thursday 's action , Hansbrough averaged a team-high 22.8 points to go with 7.2 rebounds . In 113 career games prior to Thursday , the forward has logged 20.2 points and 8.6 rebounds in just under 31 minutes an outing , while doing a lot of damage at the free throw line with nearly nine attempts per game . Hansbrough , who has an outside shot at edging Duke great J.J. Redick for the all-time ACC scoring record ( 2,769 points ) , has succeeded in just about every statistical category , though he is still searching for the elusive fifth national title for the program , which moved to 10-0 after its 91-73 drubbing of Evansville . Hansbrough finished the game with 20 points and nine rebounds .

31_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . sbnation . com college - basketball 2013 3 8 4081296 missouri - valley - conference - 2013 - basketball - tournament - results - bracket 2013 MVC Tournament results and bracket : Creighton , Wichita St . move on on Mar 8 2013 , 11 : 55p The Missouri Valley Conference , aka "Arch Madness" , certainly lived up to its nickname on Friday . Eight teams competed in the quarterfinal round , and we've already had one memorable last - second game . Now there's just four teams left fighting for the automatic bid on Saturday . Let's recap Friday's action . No . 1 Creighton Bluejays 65 , No . 9 Drake Bulldogs 53 Doug McDermott put on a show as usual , scoring 23 points and becoming the school's all - time leader in points scored . He had help from his teammates , as well , as Gregory Echenique finished with a double - double ( 11 points , 11 rebounds ) . The Bulldgos never let this game turn into a blowout , but they never came close enough to make Creighton sweat , either . The Bluejays will play Indiana State on Saturday .

31_9ecb.xml
Hansbrough breaks UNC career scoring record Phil Ford stood at midcourt , waiting for Tyler Hansbrough to take the microphone and address the home crowd . As the reigning national player of the year walked up , Ford playfully bowed in reverence before giving him a hug . Now even the famed point guard who flawlessly ran Dean Smith 's `` Four Corners '' offense is looking up at Hansbrough as the storied program 's all-time leading scorer . Hansbrough scored 20 points Thursday night to break Ford 's 30-year-old mark and help top-ranked North Carolina beat Evansville 91-73 , a game that was completely overshadowed by the 6-foot-9 senior 's record pursuit . He needed just nine points coming in , making the record an almost certainty considering that he 's failed to reach double figures just six times in his career . But that did n't mean Hansbrough was oblivious to all the attention about a record that had stood through the careers of names like Michael Jordan , James Worthy and Antawn Jamison . `` I 'm usually not nervous before games , and I was a little nervous before tonight just because I felt like there was a lot of pressure , '' said Hansbrough , who sat between Ford and coach Roy Williams during the postgame news conference . `` One thing for me , I did n't want us to strictly focus on trying to break a scoring record . We had a game and I was trying to do whatever I could to help the team . '' Hansbrough finished 7-for-14 from the field and had nine rebounds for North Carolina ( 10-0 ) , which shook off a slow start and stretched the lead to double figures against the Purple Aces ( 7-2 ) shortly after Hansbrough passed Ford midway through the first half . Ford , now an assistant coach to fellow Tar Heel alumnus Larry Brown with the NBA 's Charlotte Bobcats , finished his career in 1978 with 2,290 points . `` I think everyone who knows me knows how much I love this program and to be a small part of this historic moment for Tyler is a dream come true for me , '' Ford said . `` I would n't have missed it for the world . `` It 's an honor to be compared in the same breath with Tyler . When I look at how hard he plays and how he listens to Coach Williams , as a player , that 's what I tried to do . '' Hansbrough tied Ford on a jumper from the left wing with 14:05 left in the first half , then set the record by muscling in a bank shot over James Haarsma and Pieter van Tongeren with 7:41 to go . As soon as the record-setting shot went through the net , officials briefly stopped the game to allow Ford , Williams and athletics director Dick Baddour to present Hansbrough with the game ball . Students who carried small signs saying `` Phil Ford 2,290 '' on one side turned it around to reveal `` Tyler 2,291 + '' on the other . Hansbrough waved to acknowledge the roaring crowd and handled the historic moment with his typically reserved demeanor , though he seemed eager to get back to the game and away from the focus being on him . After the game , the school showed a video montage of Hansbrough 's career highlights that included congratulations from several former players . That 's when Hansbrough took the microphone from Ford and emotionally addressed the crowd . `` I never dreamed I 'd be here and be the all-time leading scorer , '' Hansbrough said as he stood alone at midcourt . `` This is a great honor to be here and to represent you guys every night in this uniform . '' It was a moment that fellow senior and roommate Bobby Frasor said showed how much Hansbrough appreciated the record even though he did n't want to dwell on it in recent days . `` I 've never seen him tear up or choke up like that , '' Frasor said . `` But Tyler really does care about all this stuff and he knows what he accomplished is pretty special . '' Still , the Tar Heels seemed a little tight and the home crowd anxious to see Hansbrough set the record early . But in the minutes afterward , the Tar Heels settled down and outscored Evansville 22-10 the rest of the half to take a 46-28 lead . It lightened the mood enough that Williams - who said he was counting down a player 's points in his head for probably the first time - was able to tease Hansbrough on the bench after he missed a two-handed dunk on his first shot following the record . `` I said , 'Boy , I 'm really glad that 's not the basket that would 've broken the record , ' '' he said with a laugh . The Tar Heels maintained a comfortable margin the rest of the way , cracking the 90-point mark for the seventh straight game . Hansbrough left the game for good with the Tar Heels leading 83-58 with 5:33 to play . He still has a chance this season to pass Sam Perkins for the program 's career rebounding record and break the Atlantic Coast Conference career scoring mark set by Duke 's J.J. Redick in 2006 . `` Whatever Tyler gets , he deserves , '' Evansville coach Marty Simmons said . `` I 've been a big fan of his since he was in high school . It 's good to see guys that work the hardest be rewarded the most . '' Ty Lawson added 16 points for the Tar Heels , while Danny Green had 14 , including the 1,000th of his career . Shy Ely scored 23 points to lead Evansville , which was off to its best start since going 10-1 in 1981-82 . The Purple Aces were playing the No. 1 team for the first time since 1980 and just the third time ever .

31_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . yardbarker . com college _ basketball articles mcdermott _ sets _ cu _ scoring _ record 13089916 McDermott sets CU scoring record Found March 08 , 2013 Doug McDermott became the leading scorer in Creighton history and had five points during a pivotal 15 - 2 run as top - seeded Creighton defeated Drake , 65 - 53 , on Friday afternoon in the first quarterfinal of the Missouri Valley Conference Tournament . Creighton improved to 25 - 7 on the season and advances to play Saturday in a 1 : 35 pm semifinal against the winner of the Evansville - Indiana State semifinal . Drake , which defeated Bradley in the play - in round just 18 hours earlier , fell to 15 - 17 . Creighton broke open a 12 - all game with some strong play by Will Artino to key a 7 - 0 run . The sophomore center from Iowa came off the bench and dunked to start a traditional three - point play . McDermott would follow with a jumper to tie the scoring record , and Artino answered with another bucket to make it 19 - 12 with 11 : 43 left in the first half . McDermott's history - making point came at the foul line , when he sank a free throw with 4 : 43 left in the first half . It gave him 2 , 117 career points , passing Rodney Buford's career mark that had stood since 1999 and moving him into 10th in MVC history . The Jays led 33 - 26 at the half , paced by 13 points from McDermott . CU dominated the glass 22 - 13 , the paint ( 16 - 10 ) and the second chance points ( 9 - 0 ) in the first 20 minutes , while also outscoring DU 12 - 3 off the bench . Creighton would take its first double - digit lead of the day at 45 - 35 on a pair of Artino free throws with 13 : 41 to go . Drake countered with a 9 - 2 run and missed a tying trey by Richard Carter with about 10 : 00 to play . The Jays answered , as Echenique threw down a powerful alley - oop during a three - point play and the lead returned to 54 - 46 a short time later on Austin Chatman's first score of the second half and a McDermott hoop in transition to move ahead by eight with 7 : 54 to go . After a timeout , McDermott hit his third trifecta of the day , and Echenique's third three - point play of the day made it 60 - 46 with 6 : 11 to go . Gibbs ended the run with two charity shots , and the Jays would keep Drake off the scoreboard for nearly seven minutes to pull away . McDermott led all players with 23 points while also grabbing seven rebounds . He made 3 - of - 4 three attempts from 3 - point range . Echenique generated a double - double with 11 points , 11 rebounds and six swats , with most of that production after half . Artino complemented Echenique inside by scoring a career - high 14 points and adding six rebounds . The Jays shot 46 . 8 percent for the game ( 22 - 47 ) and owned the glass by a 44 - 26 margin . Drake was paced by 13 points from Seth VanDeest , while Richard Carter had 12 points and four assists . Drake shot 35 . 0 percent overall and just 11 - of - 36 after intermission . The win improved Creighton to 41 - 20 all - time in MVC Tournament play , easily the most victories by any team in event history . The Jays are 19 - 12 all - time in the quarterfinal round , and 5 - 2 all - time vs . Drake in the event .

