32_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . thewestmorlandgazette . co . uk news crime 10473630 . print Millom double murder : Man charged with killing mother and sister 8 : 56am Monday 10th June 2013 A MAN has been charged with the murder of his mother and sister in Millom . John Jenkin , 23 , of Newton Street , Millom was arrested Saturday morning after police found two women dead in a house . The victims have been identified as mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , of Newton Street , Millom and her 20 - year - old daughter Kathryn Jenkin of Aberdare , South Wales . Police have this morning charged him and he will appear before Furness District Magistrates . He has also been charged with animal cruelty after the family dog was discovered dead .

32_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . onenewspage . com n World 74vw249x9 Cumbria - double - murder - Son - suspected - of - killing - mother . htm Cumbria double murder : Son suspected of killing mother and sister 'had begged to stay locked up in mental hospital' Sunday , 9 June 2013 John Jenkin , 23 , had been sectioned after an apparent suicide attempt in the week before the double murder . His sister Katie and mother Alice McMeekin were found dead at their home in Millom .

32_1ecb.xml
Authorities say a 35-year-old New Bedford man stabbed his ex-girlfriend and his own mother to death during a bloodbath inside his mom 's apartment and left the bodies to rot for days . Gary Gomes , 35 , was arrested yesterday and will be arraigned today in New Bedford District Court on two counts of murder and one count of kidnapping in connection with the homicides , according to the Bristol District Attorney 's Office . The bodies of Robyn Mendes , 48 , Gomes ' ex-girlfriend , and Gomes ' mother , Catherine Gomes , 61 , were found by police and firefighters yesterday in a second-floor apartment on Independent Street , said DA spokesman Gregg Miliote . Both women had been stabbed to death and their bodies had been there for `` days , '' Miliote said . Catherine Gomes lived in that apartment , he said . Police and firefighters were called to the address after neighbors reported a strong smell of natural gas . A gas stove had been left on and a space heater was running , Miliote said . Gomes was arrested at a Philip Street apartment yesterday where Mendes lives , Miliote said . Police say Gomes had allegedly barricaded himself in a room with another person . Miliote said Gomes was on probation when he was arrested . The Standard-Times of New Bedford is reporting today that Gomes has a lengthy criminal history . He had just been released from the Bristol County House of Correction in late 2008 after serving time on a 2006 conviction of assault with intent to murder , the newspaper reported . Robyn Mendes was the victim in that case . In 2005 , he was charged with assault and battery on Mendes with a dangerous weapon , according to court records , which indicate he grabbed her by the throat , threw her down , then held a knife to her throat and told her , `` You 're never going to leave me , '' the newspaper reported . He was sentenced to 2 years , with 9 months to serve in that case .

32_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . mirror . co . uk news uk - news john - jenkin - goth - son - held - 1942506 John Jenkin : Goth son held as mum and sister killed 10 Jun 2013 09 : 10 John Jenkin , 23 , was arrested near the terraced house where Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Katie Jenkin , 20 , and a dead dog , thought to be the family's pet collie , were discovered A goth was being questioned on suspicion of murder yesterday after his mother and sister were found dead at home . John Jenkin , 23 , was arrested near the terraced house where Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Katie Jenkin , 20 , and a dead dog , thought to be the family's pet collie , were discovered . Police were called by neighbours at breakfast time on Saturday after they heard piercing screams coming from the house . One said : "I heard screaming , really high - pitched screams in the early hours . Then later I heard more screaming . It sounded like someone telling a dog to shut up . " Alice lived in the pebble - dashed terrace in Millom , Cumbria , with �unemployed John . The neighbour described him as a goth and he is said to have recently been in hospital . Katie was visiting her mum from Cardiff , where she was at university . A close friend of the dead mum said : "I can't believe it . They all looked after each other after Alice separated from her husband in the 1990s . We were so close that Katie thought of my mum as a second mum . "John was a good kid , never one of those to get into trouble . He idolised his mum and his sister . His little sister was his world , and his mum was too . " Alice was brought up in Millom , where her father ran a greengrocer's and a fish shop . She returned to her home town 12 weeks ago after a four year spell living in Cardiff . Friends noticed she had lost weight and looked frail . It is thought she may have been suffering from cancer . Another neighbour added : "She went down to Wales to give her kids a better life . Katie got into Cardiff University , I think , and John was at college doing something in special effects . "When Alice came home , John came with her . As far as I know he didn't have a girlfriend . Katie still lived in Wales and had been going out with her boyfriend for two years . "She came up for the weekend on Friday . Alice met her at the station . " Security worker Alice had recently been upset by the death of one of her four cats and had taken in a collie dog called Fenn . The friend said she was "bubbly" when she saw her on Friday . She added : "We were chatting for about half an hour . She told me Katie was coming and she was so looking forward to it . " Cumbria Police have not disclosed how Alice and Katie died . A police spokesman said : "We do not suspect anyone else to be involved . " Detective Chief Inspector Paul Duhig said : "Events such as these are rare in Cumbria . We are doing all we can to bring the offender to justice . "

32_2ecb.xml
A man with a long history of domestic violence has been accused of stabbing his mother and a former girlfriend to death and leaving their bodies in an apartment for several days . The unlit stove in the Independence Street apartment had been left on full blast , authorities said , filling it with enough natural gas to cause a significant explosion . The body of Katherine Gomes , 61 , and Robyn Norma Mendes , 48 , were discovered on Tuesday when police and firefighters responded to calls about the smell of natural gas , according to the Bristol district attorney 's office. A space heater had been left turned to high , but it did not ignite the gas . The man , Gary Gomes , 35 , is expected to be arraigned today in New Bedford District Court on two counts of murder and one count of kidnapping . Gomes was arrested on Tuesday after investigators said they found him barricaded in a room in Mendes 's apartment on Philip Street with her 12-year-old daughter . He was with the girl for at least several hours before police arrived , according to Gregg Miliote , a spokesman for the Bristol district attorney . Gomes has been incarcerated at least three times for violent crimes against women in the last four years and at one point was held for 90 days without bail as a danger to society , according to court records . The alleged fatal stabbing would be at least his third attack against Mendes . In 2005 , Gomes was convicted of beating Mendes , holding a knife to her throat , and telling her , `` you 're never going to leave me , '' according to court records . Gomes served 9 months of a 2-1/2 year sentence . He was released in 2006 and attacked Mendes again , dragging her into the woods . Police rescued her with the aid of dogs , according to court records . Mendes went back to prison for 2-1/2 years and was recently released . In 2004 , Gomes was charged with stealing a $ 500 guitar from his sister , Jean . Gomes ran into Jean and his mother a few days later and he attacked his sister , according to court records . `` Defendant became violent and began to choke the victim with both hands around her neck , '' the records state .

32_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . dailymail . co . uk news article - 2338439 Cumbria - double - murder - Son - suspected - killing - mother - sister - begged - stay - locked - mental - hospital . html Son suspected of killing mother and sister 'had begged to stay locked up in mental hospital' John Jenkin , 23 , released from secure mental hospital against his wishes His sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , and mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , were found dead in a home in Millom , Cumbria Relative said he had history of mental health problems Police not searching for any other suspects in connection with double murders PUBLISHED : 16 : 05 GMT , 9 June 2013 | UPDATED : 06 : 55 GMT , 10 June 2013 A man said to have been released from a secure mental hospital against his wishes was yesterday being questioned over the murders of his mother and sister . John Jenkin , 23 , had been sectioned after an apparent suicide attempt in the week before the double murder . According to a relative , he had a history of mental health problems and had pleaded in vain to be kept locked up because he feared harming himself or someone else . Police were called to the family's terraced house in Millom , Cumbria , at 8 . 40am on Saturday and found the bodies of Alice McMeekin , 58 , and her university student daughter Katie Jenkin , 20 . The family's new pet collie , Fenn , was also killed . Jenkin , who was described as a Goth , was arrested nearby on suspicion of murder . He was said to have doted on his mother and younger sister , but the heavy metal fan was also obsessed with the occult . Cumbria police have not revealed how the women died , although no gun was used in the murders . Friends and neighbours were shocked by the murders of the animal - loving divorced mother - of - two and her daughter , who was studying in South Wales and was on a weekend visit home . Yesterday a neighbour recalled seeing the suspect in the street at 3am on Saturday and also hearing screams coming from the pebble - dashed house . 'I was coming back home at 3am with my girlfriend and I was walking up the back street and he was walking around and I looked at his face and it was like looking into space , there was nothing there , ' he said . 'Then I went home and I heard a lot of screams . It sounded like the screams of a dog . I went into my backyard and I heard these piercing screams I will never forget . ' He did not contact the police , but more noise was heard at around 8am . 'It sounded like someone telling a dog to shut up , ' said the neighbour . Police were called and found the bodies . Jenkin , who is unemployed , spent much of his time on his computer and listening to music . According to a relative , he had suffered mental health problems for some time . 'He's had a very dark past , but I don't want people to think he is some kind of monster , I just feel sorry for him , ' she said . The relative said he was sectioned under the Mental Health Act for attempting to slit his wrists and then allowed home again in the days before the tragedy . She said he had told health workers that he feared he would harm himself or someone else if he did not stay in a secure psychiatric unit . 'John begged people for help , but he didn't get it , ' she said . Friends said John Jenkin was close to his family . One friend , who asked not to be named , said : 'He idolised his mum and his sister . His little sister was his world , and his mum was too . They all looked after each other . He was a good kid , never one of those to go out and get into trouble . ' Mrs McMeekin was brought up in Millom and was the daughter of a greengrocer . She moved to Merthyr Tydfil , South Wales , four years ago 'to give her kids a better life' , but returned to her home town with John 12 weeks ago . She worked for the prison service and 'would do anything for anybody' , according to the friend . Katie , who was in a steady relationship with a boyfriend , stayed in Wales to continue her media studies course . 'She was a happy , beautiful girl with the world in front of her , ' said the friend . She recalled chatting on Friday to Mrs McMeekin , who was looking forward to her daughter's visit .

32_3ecb.xml
The New Bedford man arrested last night on charges of double homicide killed his mother and ex-girlfriend , according to police and prosecutors . The suspect , Gary Gomes , 35 , of New Bedford , has a lengthy record of domestic abuse , including convictions for kidnapping and attempted murder . He was currently on probation after his latest release from criminal custody . The victims in the case have been identified as Robyn Mendes , 48 - an ex-girlfriend of Mr. Gomes - and Catherine Gomes , 61 , the defendant 's mother . Gregg Milliote , spokesman for the Bristol County District Attorney 's Office , said both women were stabbed multiple times at the Independent Street apartment in which they were found . Ms. Gomes was the tenant at the apartment . Following his arraignment in New Bedford District Court today , Mr. Gomes was ordered held without bail . At the arraignment , prosecutor Aaron Strojny said Ms. Mendes was stabbed multiple times while in bed . `` I ( heart ) you '' was written in blood on the wall and the suspect 's ID was found on a pillow , he said , and alleged the suspect later dressed Ms. Mendes and applied makeup . Ms. Gomes ' body was found under a mattress in a different room . She had last been seen Saturday morning , prosecutors said , and when her employer called the apartment later that day to inquire why she had not reported to work , a man who identified himself as Gary said his mother had gone away for a few days . Mr. Gomes was found Tuesday night barricaded in a dwelling on Phillips Road in the North End where Ms. Mendes lived . Ms. Mendes ' 12-year-old daughter was also in that dwelling at the time . Police say Gomes had been at that location for `` a few hours '' before his arrest . They found a knife , which they identified as the murder weapon , behind a bookshelf . Mr. Milliote said prosecutors believe Mr. Gomes intended to kill one other person last night , although he would n't say who that person was or what evidence led prosecutors to believe that . Mr. Gomes had been released from the Bristol County House of Correction in late 2008 after serving time on a 2006 conviction of assault with intent to murder . Ms. Mendes was the victim in that case . In 2005 , he was charged with assault and battery on Ms. Mendes with a dangerous weapon , according to court records , which indicate he grabbed her by the throat , threw her down , then held a knife to her throat and told her , `` You 're never going to leave me . '' He was sentenced to 2 1/2 years , with 9 months to serve in that case . Court records also indicate a previous arrest in which Mr. Gomes was accused of assault and battery on his sister after she accused him of stealing her guitar . His mother was a witness to that incident . Ms. Mendes had obtained restraining orders against Mr. Gomes in 2005 and 2006 , according to court records . The victims ' bodies were discovered inside the Independent Street apartment Tuesday afternoon after the building 's landlord detected the odor of natural gas emanating from the second floor . Police said that after smelling gas , the landlord , who has not been identified , sent his adult son upstairs to investigate . The son entered the apartment and found the bodies , police said . The gas stove was running with no flame , police said , and an electric heater had been turned on in the apartment .

32_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . newsandstar . co . uk news provisional - trial - date - set - for - cumbria - double - murder - accused - 1 . 1062470 PROVISIONAL TRIAL DATE SET FOR CUMBRIA DOUBLE MURDER ACCUSED Published at 12 : 45 , Wednesday , 12 June 2013 A provisional trial date has been set in the case of a son accused of killing his mother , sister and pet dog . A preliminary hearing for John Jenkin , 23 , charged with the murders of his mum Alice McMeekin , 58 , and sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , took place at Preston Crown Court this morning . Jenkin was due to appear via videolink from HMP Preston but did not do so as he was considered a risk to his own safety and that of other people , said crown prosecutor Susan Carter . The case was heard in his absence and a provisional trial date was set for October 28 , with a duration of three days . The bodies of Ms McMeekin and Miss Jenkin were found in their house in Newton Street , Millom , at about 8 . 40am on Saturday . The family's border collie , named Fenn , was found dead in the backyard of the house . Jenkin , who was arrested at Millom Pier at around 9 . 35am , is also facing a charge of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal in relation to the dog's death . No application was made for bail and no plea was entered . A plea and case management hearing will be held on September 6 . Judge Anthony Russell QC asked for psychiatric reports to be completed on Jenkin before the next hearing .

32_4ecb.xml
Gary Gomes of New Bedford , Massachusetts , accused in the deaths of two women found in a city apartment , appeared in court today . Police say the landlord 's son found the bodies yesterday after entering the second-floor apartment to investigate an odor of gas . 35-year-old Gomes faces two counts of murder after his mother and his ex-girlfriend were found stabbed to death inside a New Bedford home yesterday afternoon . Gomes was arrested last night on charges of murder and kidnapping . 61-year-old Kathryn Gomes and 48-year-old Robin Mendes are the victims . Police believe finding Gomes so quickly may have saved other lives in this case .

32_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news uk - england - cumbria - 22838267 10 June 2013 Last updated at 14 : 00 GMT John Jenkin accused of Millom mother and sister murder A man has been remanded in custody after being charged with the murder of his mother and sister in Cumbria . The bodies of Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Kathryn Jenkin , 20 , were found at a terraced house in Newton Street , Millom , on Saturday . Both had suffered head injuries . The family dog had also been killed . John Jenkin , 23 , was remanded in his absence by Barrow magistrates , after the court heard he was deemed a risk to himself and potentially to others . No pleas were entered and a bail hearing was scheduled for Wednesday at Preston Crown Court . 'Untimely death' Mr Jenkin , of Newton Street , Millom , who arrested an hour after the bodies were discovered in a distressed state , has also been charged with animal cruelty . Friends of Kathryn Jenkin , known as Katie , have described her as a "bright and much - liked student . " Miss Jenkin was a student at the University of South Wales in Cardiff . Gill Sandford , dean of the Faculty of Creative and Cultural Industries , said : "The university's staff and students are extremely sad to hear of the untimely death of Katie Jenkin . "She was a bright , much - liked and promising student and our thoughts are with her family . "As a close community we will come together to support our colleagues and students at this difficult time . "

32_5ecb.xml
A 35-year-old New Bedford man is awaiting a double murder arraignment after police arrested him on charges he killed his mother and ex-girlfriend . Police have identified the victims as 61-year-old Katherine Gomes , mother of the suspect , and 48-year-old Robyn Mendes . Gary Gomes was arrested late Tuesday night at 2088 Philip Street . The D.A. 's office says Gomes was barricaded inside with a third person . He has been charged with two counts of murder , and one count of kidnapping . Gomes is scheduled to be arraigned in New Bedford District Court Wednesday . The bodies of the two women were discovered on the second floor at 24 Independent Street Tuesday afternoon , after someone of the first floor smelled natural gas . An eyewitness says the gas stove had been turned on .

32_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . nwemail . co . uk news provisional - trial - date - set - for - millom - double - murder - accused - 1 . 1062072 ? referrerPath=n PROVISIONAL TRIAL DATE SET FOR MILLOM DOUBLE MURDER ACCUSED Last updated at 11 : 24 , Tuesday , 18 June 2013 A PROVISIONAL trial date has been set in the case of a son accused of killing his mother , sister and pet dog in Millom . A preliminary hearing for John Jenkin , 23 , charged with the murders of his mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , and sister Katie Jenkin , 20 , was heard in Preston Crown Court this morning . Jenkin was due to appear via videolink from HMP Preston , but did not do so as he was considered a risk to his own safety and that of other people , according to crown prosecutor Susan Carter . The case was heard in his absence , and a provisional trial date was set for October 28 with a duration of three days . The bodies of Ms McMeekin and Miss Jenkin , were found in their house in Newton Street , Millom , on Saturday about 8 . 40am . An earlier hearing at Furness Magistrates' Court , in Barrow , heard they had "severe head injuries" . The family's border collie , named Fenn , was also found beaten to death in the backyard of the house . Jenkin was arrested at Millom Pier around 9 . 35am . He faces one charge of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal in relation to the dog's death . No application for bail was made at yesterday's hearing and no plea was entered . A plea and case management hearing will be held on September 6 . Judge Anthony Russell QC asked for psychiatric reports to be completed on Jenkin before the next hearing . At the earlier hearing on Monday he was deemed too much of a risk to appear in the dock at Furness Magistrates' Court . Jenkin was brought to the magistrates' court building by a secure van on Monday , but did not appear in the dock and no pleas were entered . Miss Rachel Bates , court clerk , said : "He is at risk of causing harm to himself and causing harm to others as well . " ( Custody ) are having difficulties restraining him and they can't move him from the cell . "There are extreme difficulties and for the safety of everybody , including the defendant , the best approach is ( to hold the hearing ) in the defendant's absence . " The court heard police were called after hearing an argument at the family's home at 8 . 39am on Saturday . Seven of Jenkin's friends attended court as a show of support . Jenkin had been living in South Wales with his mum for the past three years and they had moved back to Millom around six weeks ago .

32_6ecb.xml
The deaths of two women found in a New Bedford home on Tuesday have been ruled homicides . Gary Gomes , 35 , of New Bedford pleaded not guilty to two counts of murder and one count of kidnapping . He was ordered held without bail and sent to Bridgewater State Hospital for evaluation . Gomes was found barricaded in a room on Philip Street . The victims have been identified as Gomes ' mother , Katherine , 61 , and his former girlfriend , Robyn Mendes , 48 . An odor of natural gas led to the discovery of the bodies in an apartment at 24 Independent Street . A landlord sent his adult son to an upstairs unit of the multi-family house at about noon on Tuesday . The man discovered the bodies and called 911 .

32_6ecbplus.xml
http : metro . co . uk 2013 06 10 man - charged - with - murdering - mother - and - sister - in - cumbria - 3834866 Man charged with murdering mother and sister in Cumbria Monday 10 Jun 2013 10 : 45 am A 23 - year - old man has been charged with the murders of his mother and sister . John Jenkin is due in court over the murders of Alice McMeekin , 58 , and Kathryn Jenkin , 20 . Both women were found dead at their home in Newton Street , Millom , Cumbria , on Saturday morning , with Mr Jenkin arrested shortly afterwards . Detectives said Ms McMeekin and her daughter were found with head injuries . Although formal identification has not yet taken place , Cumbria police announced the identities of the victims and Mr Jenkin , who has also been charged with animal cruelty after the family dog was found dead at the house . He is due before Furness district magistrates' court today .

32_7ecb.xml
An arraignment has been scheduled for Wednesday morning for a New Bedford , Massachusetts man accused of murdering two women . Gary Gomes , 35 , will face murder and kidnapping charges after police found the bodies of two women -- 68 and 48-years-old -- inside an Independent Street apartment . Neighbors had complained about a possible natural gas leak , which led them to the scene . When police arrested Gomes on Tuesday night , he was barricaded inside the apartment with an unidentified person . New Bedford Police said they will release more details about the investigation on Wednesday afternoon . The identities of the victims has not yet been released .

32_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . thesun . co . uk sol homepage news 4961313 Man - held - after - sister - and - mum - are - both - murdered - in - Cumbria . html Man held after sis and mum murdered Published : 09th June 2013 A MAN was last night being quizzed by cops over the double murders of his mum and sister . Unemployed John Jenkin , 23 , was arrested yesterday moments after armed cops arrived following a 999 call .

32_8ecb.xml
A New Bedford man has been arrested in the slayings of two women whose bodies were found in an apartment after the building 's landlord smelled natural gas . The Bristol District Attorney 's office said just after midnight Tuesday that 35-year-old Gary Gomes was arrested at another house where he was found barricaded with a third person . Gomes faces arraignment in New Bedford District Court on Wednesday morning on two murder charges and one kidnapping charge . The names of the women killed , who were 61 and 48 years old , have not been released . Police Lt. Jeffrey Silva said the landlord 's son found the bodies after entering the second-floor apartment on Tuesday afternoon to investigate the odor . District Attorney Sam Sutter is expected to discuss the case at a news conference already planned Wednesday afternoon to discuss developments in a 2003 murder case .

32_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . itv . com news wales story 2013 - 06 - 10 aberdare - woman - found - dead Brother double - murder charge John Jenkin , 23 and from Cumbria , has been charged with the murder of his mother and sister . Kathryn Jenkin , 20 and from Aberdare , and her mother Alice McMeekin , 58 , were found on Saturday . Brother charged after Aberdare woman found dead The brother of a woman from Aberdare found dead in Cumbria on Saturday has been charged with her murder . 23 - year - old John Jenkin , of Millom , has been charged with the murder of his 58 - year - old mother , Alice McMeekin , and sister , Kathryn Jenkin , 20 , who is from Aberdare . On Saturday 8 June 2013 , at 8 : 39am police were called to a property in Newton Street where Mrs McMeekin and Miss Jenkin were tragically found dead with head injuries . The family dog was also found dead . John Jenkin was arrested on suspicion of murder shortly afterwards . He will appear at Furness District Magistrates court this morning . John Jenkin is related to the victims , he is the son of Alice McMeekin and the brother of Kathryn Jenkin . - CUMBRIA POLICE

32_9ecbplus.xml
http : lakelandradio . co . uk 2013 06 trial - date - set - for - man - accused - of - double - murder - in - millom TRIAL DATE SET FOR MAN ACCUSED OF DOUBLE MURDER IN MILLOM Posted : June 12 , 2013 A trial date's been set for a Millom man accused of murdering his mother and sister . John Jenkin was due to appear via video link at Preston Crown Court today but didn't because he's currently considered too much of a danger to himself and others . The case continued in his absence and a three day trial hearing was penciled in for October - the 23 - year old's due to enter his plea in September . The bodies of Alice McMeekin and Katie Jenkin were found at their Newton Street home in Millom on Saturday morning . They'd suffered severe head injuries . John Jenkin also faces an animal cruelty charge after the family's dog was also found beaten to death .

