33_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2011 10 25 andrew - lopez - confesses - to _ n _ 1031411 . html Andrew Lopez Confesses To Murder Of Zurana Horton In Brooklyn Shooting First Posted : 10 25 11 06 : 44 PM ET Updated : 12 25 11 05 : 12 AM ET An 18 - year old male confessed to the gang related murder of a Brooklyn mother who tried to protect a group of school children from harm by shielding them . The suspect , Andrew Lopez , was among three teens arrested on Tuesday for the shooting that took place last Friday outside a Brownsville school that claimed the life of 34 - year old Zurana Horton . Horton died instantly from a shot in the face and chest when she attempted to protect students from gunfire . Horton was the mother of 12 children . Lopez was reportedly aiming for an 11 - year old girl whom he was in a dispute with over a cell - phone . The 11 - year old girl survived an injury on her arm and graze wound on her face . Lopez and his brother Kristian , who was also arrested , are believed to be members of a gang called 8 Block . Police Commissioner Ray Kelly commented on Lopez in a briefing : We're certainly pleased with the fact that the investigation has identified Mr . Lopez and he's made statements and apparently made a full confession . Browsnville is among the most crime - ridden neighborhoods in the city . Since the shocking shooting , community members , including Rev . Al Sharpton who met with Horton's family , have called for an end to gun violence .

33_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . newser . com story 131863 teen - arrested - in - shooting - of - hero - brooklyn - mom . html Teen Arrested in Shooting of Hero Brooklyn Mom Posted Oct 26 , 2011 8 : 57 AM CDT An 18 - year - old gang member has confessed to killing a pregnant mom , who died on Friday as she shielded a group of children from bullets , but insisted he "did not mean to shoot the ladies , " sources tell the New York Daily News . In addition to Zurana Horton - who was a mother of 12 - another mom and an 11 - year - old girl were wounded by rooftop sniper Andrew Lopez , who told police his dozen rounds were intended for members of a rival gang . Lopez has been charged with murder ; his two half - brothers , 17 and 22 , were also arrested .

33_1ecb.xml
The mother of a 10-year-old girl killed by a stray bullet on an Albany street last year said she heard a loud sound before her daughter cried out `` Mommy , mommy , I 've been hit , '' and then stumbled down the steps of their apartment . Shondell McAllister on Tuesday recalled screaming `` Somebody help me , my daughter 's been shot . '' McAllister was the first witness called in the trial of 16-year-old Jermayne Timmons , who is accused of firing the deadly shot from an intersection down the street . McAllister described to jurors in Albany County Court the hectic scene on May 29 as she lay her daughter , Kathina Thomas , on the sidewalk while she bled from a gunshot wound in her back . After running to find help , McAllister pushed her way back to Kathina through emergency workers , only to be told her youngest daughter was already dead . Prosecutor David Rossi said Timmons is charged with intentional murder because he intended to kill someone , although Kathina was n't the target . In opening statements Tuesday , public defender Peter Lynch said then- 15-year-old Timmons was at the scene of the shooting and had a gun , but is n't the one who fired the fatal shot . Lynch said his client had a .32-caliber revolver , while autopsy results concluded that Kathina was killed by a .45-caliber bullet . Timmons , who was arrested 12 days after the shooting , faces a maximum sentence of 15 years to life in prison if convicted . He 's charged with two counts of second-degree murder , one count each of first- and second-degree manslaughter , and criminal possession of a weapon . According to authorities , the teenager told police he was with a group of people down the street from Kathina 's home when they ran into a rival group and Timmons ' fired a shot at them . The bullet missed its intended target and traveled about a block before hitting Kathina . Timmons told police he fired when he thought he saw someone in the other group reach for a gun . He said the gun he used was kept hidden under a shed and used by `` everyone in the neighborhood , '' and said he and his friends then rode away on the bikes and he put the gun back . No gun has been recovered . Prosecutors are bringing the case against Timmons without a murder weapon , and Rossi noted Tuesday that the gun was n't available because the defendant had gotten rid of it . Witnesses for the prosecution said a shell casing found at the intersection where the fatal shot was fired matched the bullet removed from Kathina 's body .

33_1ecbplus.xml
http : newsone . com 2376991 zurana - hurton - 13 - children Footage Of Brooklyn Mother's Fatal Shooting Released During Trial Apr 12 , 2013 Video of Brooklyn Mother of 13 Zurana Horton shot and killed in a gang shooting was revealed Thursday , according to the N . Y . Daily News . The footage shows 34 - year - old Horton ( pictured ) picking up her daughter from school on October 21 , 2011 , in Brooklyn's Brownsville section . Around 2 : 18 p . m . , Horton and two other Moms are seen waiting at an intersection as a yellow bus pulls up to the curb . The shooting then breaks out , with Horton pushing a child out of the way to take a bullet . She then grips her chest and collapses to the ground . Prosecutors showed the tragic footage at the trial of the two youths charged with murdering Horton . Twenty - year - old Andrew Lopez has been accused of carelessly firing at rival gang members from a rooftop . Half - brother Jonathan Carrasquillo is suspected of having directed Lopez to kill their enemies . Both are charged with murder , with Lopez standing accused of letting off 13 shots in Horton's death . One of the two Mothers with Horton that day testified at the trial . "I saw her fall back . . . I saw blood coming from her , " said Unique Armstead , who is seen in the video covering her son with her body as the shooting began . Armstead sustained a gunshot wound to her left arm . Armstead said she heard someone say , "He has a gun , " prompting her to take her son inside a nearby corner bodega for safety . When the coast seemed clear , they reportedly went back out , which is when the shots began . "I thought it was a brick but it was a bullet , " Armstead said . "I told my son , I think I'm shot . " The trial is scheduled to resume Monday , with testimony from a man who claims Lopez's brother threatened to kill him ; he is reportedly scared to take the stand . "The man is petrified , " Judge Vincent DelGiudice said . "The man is an emotional wreck . "

33_2ecb.xml
Testimony in the murder trial of an Albany teen accused in the shooting death of young Kathina Thomas continued for the second day on Wednesday . The trial against 16 year-old Jerymayne Timmons started a bit late after one juror was dismissed because of a family medical emergency . Another delay in the trial was an altercation inside the courtroom . The Albany County Sheriff 's Department arrested one gentleman who refused to leave the courtroom after being asked to . The man claimed someone had pushed and shoved him inside . Once the trial resumed , Timmons ' 16 year-old best friend took the stand and talked about the community gun described in a police statement . He said the .32-caliber gun was nicknamed `` Shaq '' referencing the Shaquille O'Neal 's jersey number . While on the stand he told jurors that Timmons had asked him to tell police they were together until about 9 p.m. on the night of the shooting . The teen did tell police that originally , and later confessed that he had only been playing basketball with him until about 5 : 00 on the night of May 29th . Jurors also heard testimony from a State Police ballistic expert , the emergency room doctor who treated Kathina , and the medical examiner who performed the autopsy .

33_2ecbplus.xml
http : nypost . com 2013 04 12 video - of - brooklyn - womans - fatal - shooting - is - played - at - trial - of - two - men - charged - in - rooftop - gunplay Video of Brooklyn woman's fatal shooting is played at trial of two men charged in rooftop gunplay April 12 , 2013 | 4 : 00am Rapt jurors yesterday watched surveillance video of the chilling moment that a Brooklyn mom was fatally struck by stray gunfire and slowly fell over into a pool of her own blood . The disturbing evidence was made public at the trial of the two men accused of killing Zurana Horton from a Brownsville rooftop in 2011 . Horton , 34 , was walking with one of her 12 children when Andrew Lopez , 20 , fired from the rooftop on the orders of his brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , prosecutors charge . Also shot were a woman named Unique Armstead , who was walking near Horton , and an 11 - year - old girl who was passing by . Yesterday , Armstead told jurors at the Brooklyn Supreme Court trial about the moment she was struck in the shooting , which was allegedly sparked by a gangland territorial beef . "At the time , I thought it was a brick , but it was a bullet , " testified Armstead , who was walking with her son and who can be seen in the video stumbling against a building after she is shot . When prosecutor Seth Goldman asked whether she shielded her son with her body , Armstead quietly answered , "Yes . " "When me and my son were on the floor , I noticed Mrs . Horton fall down . I honestly thought she was shot in the head . There was blood . " Armstead also testified that she heard a group of young men arguing about a gun shortly before the shooting , which matches up with prosecutors' claim that Carrasquillo ordered Lopez to the roof with the gun after a dispute between their 8 Block gang and the rival Young Guns crew . The talk of guns had made Armstead nervous , especially since she was with her young son . "I speed - walked to my son , and I held him . I was scared . I was trying to get out of harm's way , " she testified . Armstead said she sought safety for herself and her son in a store , but when activity on the street seemed to have settled , she walked back outside - where a bullet went straight through her arm and she saw Horton killed . Brooklyn Supreme Court Judge Vincent Del Giudice briefly sealed the courtroom at the request of prosecutors because their next witness had been threatened with death by the alleged shooter's brother . The fearful witness had entered the courtroom with hood over his head , Del Giudice said when the courtroom was reopened . "The man is an emotional wreck , " the judge said before postponing the man's testimony until Monday .

33_3ecb.xml
A key witness against teenage murder suspect Jermayne Timmons identified him Tuesday as the gunman who killed 10-year-old Kathina Thomas in May , then twice admitted he lied in his testimony . Elijah Coleman , 21 , told jurors in Albany County Court he and two acquaintances went to West Hill on May 29 to `` put in some work '' and `` start trouble . '' A member of the trio was shot in the foot by rivals on an earlier occasion , he said . They rode bikes to First and Judson streets , he testified , and Timmons , now 16 , was armed with a .45 - caliber handgun he had picked up under a trash can at the Ida Yarbrough apartments in Albany . After a face-off with some rivals who `` wanted to fight , '' he testified , Timmons pulled the trigger . `` Jermayne fired the shot , '' he said . Kathina , a Guyana native in Albany less than 16 months , was slain in front of her First Street home , near the corner of North Lake Avenue . While not disavowing Timmons was the shooter , Coleman then testified that his third friend , whose shooting they were avenging , actually had shot himself in the foot earlier . Upon cross-examination , Coleman then gave a second contradiction , saying he had seen - and never had seen - the .45 - caliber gun Timmons allegedly was carrying . `` So which is it ? '' Deputy Public Defender Peter Lynch asked Coleman , who in turn said he had seen the gun before . He admitted he was lying . When asked about the friend being shot in the foot , he then answered , `` I do n't know . '' At one point , Lynch asked Coleman , `` You just lied to this jury when you told them that , correct ? '' `` Yes , '' he responded . During one of the exchanges , Assistant District Attorney David Rossi asked Coleman , `` Are you gon na switch it every time you 're asked the question ? '' Coleman also said that he gave false statements before the case went to trial . He testified Tuesday that he came forward to clear his name in early June , saying he did not shoot the young girl . Meanwhile , Coleman testified that he believed the defendant 's name was `` Jermayne Taylor , '' yet did identify him in court . When asked by the prosecution to recall what he was asked before coming to court , he responded he said it was to tell the truth . Rossi laid out the prosecution 's case earlier Tuesday in a packed courtroom before Judge Stephen Herrick . He said Timmons and the two acquaintances rode bikes to an area of West Hill known as `` Little Miami , '' the reason being , `` It 's hot - lots of action in that area . The defendant knew that . '' Rossi said Timmons and his two sidekicks were engaged in a staredown with youths at the corner . He said Timmons aimed and missed his target , instead striking the 10-year-old girl less than two seconds later . `` As that little girl lay bleeding to death on the sidewalk , this defendant pedaled off and got rid of the evidence , '' Rossi said . The gun has not been recovered . Among prosecutors ' evidence not yet revealed in court is an alleged statement and apology note Timmons gave police . Lynch did not deny his client was at First and Judson with a loaded handgun when Kathina died - or that he fired the weapon . `` As that little girl lay bleeding to death on the sidewalk , this defendant pedaled off and got rid of the evidence , '' Rossi said . The gun has not been recovered . Among prosecutors ' evidence not yet revealed in court is an alleged statement and apology note Timmons gave police . Lynch did not deny his client was at First and Judson with a loaded handgun when Kathina died - or that he fired the weapon . He said it was a .32 - caliber revolver , not a .45 - caliber handgun like the one that killed the girl . `` Because he was there , because he did fire a gun , he 's it , '' Lynch said . `` He 's the patsy . '' The prosecution 's first witness was Kathina 's mother , Shondell McAllister , who fought back emotions to recall the night her child died . She found herself in a crowd that surrounded Kathina outside their home . McAllister said she had to force her way through the people to speak with authorities as they , too , flooded First Street . `` I said , 'I 'm her mother. ... That 's my baby , ' '' she said . An official looked at her and said : `` I 'm very sorry . She 's dead . '' To which she replied, `` I already know she 's dead . '' McAllister explained how she and her four children moved to Albany from Guyana in January 2007 and to First Street in September of that year . She recalled her daughter being on the front steps with , among others , a 1-year-old baby . After Kathina was shot , she exclaimed , `` ' Mommy , Mommy , I got hit . Somebody hit me in my back . '' ' `` I said , 'Oh , my God , somebody help me . My daughter has been shot . '' ' The mother fought tears later Tuesday when images of her daughters post-shooting medical treatment were shown in court . Several members of the victim 's family and that of Timmons were in court to watch the proceedings . Timmons faces up to 15 years to life if convicted of second-degree murder . Testimony continues today .

33_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . dailymail . co . uk news article - 2308160 Zurana - Horton - Jury - sees - horrific - moment - young - mother - gunned - broad - daylight - stray - gunfire . html Jury shown horrific moment innocent mother is shot dead shielding her child when she's caught up in gang attack as she picks up daughter from school Zurana Horton , 34 , a mother of 12 , was fatally shot in 2011 while picking up her daughter , 11 , from school A second mother who testified was shot in her arm as well as an 11 - year - old girl Testimony by a second witness has been delayed after allegedly threatened with death by the brother of the accused gunman UPDATED : 19 : 14 GMT , 12 April 2013 Jurors on Thursday watched video capturing the horrific moment a mother was gunned down in broad daylight while picking up her 11 - year - old daughter outside a New York City school . Behind her another mother was seen shot in her arm before staggering against a wall while trying to hide her own son from the alleged gang members' stray gunfire from a nearby rooftop . This frightening surveillance video was presented at the Brooklyn Supreme Court on Thursday during the trial of two men accused in killing Zurana Horton , 34 , a mother of 12 , in 2011 and wounding two others , including an 11 - year - old girl . Prosecutors say Andrew Lopez , 20 , an alleged 8 Block gang member fired the shots meant for rival gang members from the Howard Projects while his brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , gave the orders . 'When me and my son were on the floor , I noticed Mrs Horton fall down . I honestly thought she was shot in the head . There was blood , ' said Unique Armstead , who was shot along with an 11 - year - old girl nearby according to the New York post . Mrs Armstead says that just before the shots were fired she passed a group of young men arguing on the street about a gun . Her testimony matched prosecutors' claims . Feeling uneasy , she says 'I speed - walked to my son , and I held him . I was scared . I was trying to get out of harm's way . ' She took her son into a nearby store to wait it out . When the fight appeared to die down , she says she slipped back onto the street with her son by her side when a stray bullet shot straight into her arm . She next saw Horton fall down dead . Mrs Horton is seen sprawled out on the sidewalk beside a pool of blood on the surveillance video . Witnesses are seen cowering in fear around her . 'At the time , I thought it was a brick , but it was a bullet , ' Mrs Armstead said of her injury . Lopez , who was 18 at the time of the shooting , confessed to being the rooftop sniper according to initial reports by the New York Daily News . The gunman said the shooting near Public School 298 in Brownsville had stemmed from a turf war between two Brooklyn gangs . Lopez told police that 'he did not mean to shoot the ladies , ' the source said . A second witness had expected to testify in the shooting on Thursday as well but after threatened with death by the brother of the alleged gunman , their testimony has been delayed until Monday . 'The man is an emotional wreck , ' Brooklyn Supreme Court Judge Vincent Del Giudice said , according to the Post . Lopez has been linked to a Brooklyn gang known as '8 Block , ' who police say are engaged in a turf battle with the neighboring Young Guns gang . NYPD Commissioner Raymond Kelly said : 'We're certainly pleased with the fact that the investigation has identified Mr . Lopez and he's made statements and apparently made a full confession , ' the Daily News reported . Lopez told police he was aiming for rival gang members when a stray bullet hit the mother of 13 who was collecting her children from school . Horton was planning to marry her boyfriend on Valentine's Day in 2012 . Also arrested were Lopez' half - brother , 17 - year - old Kristian , and Carrasquillo . All three live in a fifth - floor apartment inside 1800 Pitkin Ave . , the same building from where the gunman opened fire , police said . That apartment building is said to be where 8 Block got their name , the Post reported in 2011 . Carrasquillo was charged with murder , and Kristian Lopez was arrested for possession of a baseball bat , police said . Andrew Lopez had a previous arrest for walking down Pitkin Ave . brandishing a loaded gun three years ago , sources told the Daily News . The shooting frenzy in which at least 12 shots were fired began just 13 minutes after school finished . Cheanne McKnight , 11 , is recovering from a graze wound to her cheek , while a 31 - year - old Brooklyn mom was shot in the arm . Police recovered 12 9 - mm shell casings on the roof of the Pitkin Avenue apartment and the sidewalk .

33_4ecb.xml
Emotional testimony and at times lies are what jurors heard Tuesday in the trial of Jermayne Timmons , the teen accused of shooting and killing 10-year-old Kathina Thomas last May in Albany . Prosecutor David Rossi began opening statements , talking about what allegedly led Jermayne Timmons to the West Hill neighborhood on May 29 and what led him to allegedly fire the bullet that struck Kathina Thomas seconds after it was fired from more than a block away . Rossi telling the 7 woman , 5 man jury , `` As that little girl lay bleeding on the sidewalk , the defendant , Jermayne Timmons , pedaled his bike away and got rid of the evidence . '' He also told the panel that it will not be one witness to make the case , but all of them -- a line whose meaning would soon come into play . Public defender Peter Lynch admitting that Timmons had a gun but then dropping a bombshell , saying that while this case has many facts not in dispute , ultimately it is undisputed that Kathina Thomas died from a gunshot wound from a .45 caliber ... but Jermayne Timmons had a .32 Peter Lynch/Timmons ' Attorney : `` I 'm not going to be offering any out-of-court comments on the testimony as we 're proceeding . '' Kathina Thomas ' mother Shondell McAllister was the first prosecution witness , emotionally describing the shooting scene , and her daughter screaming , `` Mommy , mommy , I got hit . Something hit me in my back '' , then saying `` save me , save me mommy '' , while her mother told her to stop talking . The afternoon session began with two of the witnesses District Attorney David Soares ' office has asked the media not to identify by name . One was with Timmons that night and described him retrieving the so-called community gun and seeing him shoot it , but also admitted that he lied three times to police and also admitted to lying several times in his testimony . The district attorney says this does not hurt their case . David Soares/Albany County District Attorney : `` The issues that are in play in the courtroom right now will bear themselves out . There 's a jury that was chosen to listen to the evidence that 's presented and they will evaluate the testimony of everyone who takes the stand and testifies . '' The jury also heard the 911 call of the shooting , and heard from police officers who responded to the call , as well as one of the paramedics who treated Kathina .

33_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york brooklyn thugs - accused - killing - mom - 12 - crossfire - trial - article - 1 . 1313430 Gangbangers who allegedly killed mom of 12 in crossfire begin trial Zurana Horton was killed when the accused thugs Andrew Lopez , 20 and Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , were spraying bullets from a rooftop in Brownsville , Brooklyn and one richocheted off a wall . THURSDAY , APRIL 11 , 2013 , 12 : 12 AM Two accused gangbangers went on trial Wednesday for tragically killing a mother of 12 as they were spraying bullets from a Brooklyn rooftop . "Zurana Horton became a victim of the senseless gang violence that plagues Brooklyn , " prosecutor Seth Goldman said at the start of the murder trial of half - brothers Andrew Lopez , 20 , and Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 . The 34 - year - old mother was struck in the chest from a bullet that ricocheted off a fence in her Brownsville neighborhood in Oct . 2011 , authorities said . Lopez was allegedly targeting members of the Young Goon gang , who had a seven - year beef with the 8 Block crew he belonged to .

33_5ecb.xml
Last May , a stray bullet killed 10-year-old Kathina Thomas as she played on the front steps of her home on Albany 's First Street Her death sparked outrage , and even prompted the community to come together to get guns off Albany streets . Now the case is back in the spotlight as the 16-year-old accused of firing the fatal shot , Jermayne Timmons , goes to trial . More than 100 potential jurors walked into the Albany County Courthouse Monday . Inside , men and women from all walks of life were slowly eliminated , answering questions such as `` had you heard , seen or read anything about the death of Thomas ? '' Such a query would be difficult thing to say `` no '' to , given all the media attention that the 10-year-old 's death and Timmons ' subsequent arrest brought . By 5:00pm Monday , selection was winding down for the day as five were already picked for the jury . Timmons remained at the courthouse along with defense attorney Peter Lynch and Albany County District Attorney Dave Rossi . `` The evidence in this case is gon na ' show factually that Jermayne is not the person who caused [ Thomas ' ] death , '' Lynch told local media Monday . However , Lynch has a tough job ahead of him in proving that his client did not pull the trigger and , in the end , kill Thomas . This , when police have released an alleged confession from Timmons , and a letter of apology that he is said to have written to the girl 's mother that reads , `` I am so sorry that the gun I shot is the gun that could have takeing ( sic . ) your baby girl away from you , '' King provided an explanation , saying , `` The so-called apology note was posed more in the question of if [ Timmons ] , in some way , could have been responsible , he would have been apologetic for it , '' None of Thomas ' family members were present in the courthouse Monday , only Timmons ' friends and relatives . Also absent were those who are expected to be called on as witnesses . In an unprecedented move , Albany County Assistant District Attorney Dave Rossi asked the media to keep the identities of certain witnesses quiet . `` If we start seeing names in the paper or on the news on day one , I think it 's gon na ' make it more difficult for us to have witnesses in the seat on day two , three and four , '' he said . One of the witnesses that can be talked about is Jermayne Timmons ' own mother , who is expected to take the stand . Jury selection will likely go on until sometime Tuesday . It was more than seven months ago when that errant bullet killed Kathina Thomas . The 10-year-old was shot on the night of May 29th while she was playing outside her First Street home . Less than two weeks later , Jermayne Timmons was arrested and charged with the shooting . It was discovered shortly after the arrest that Timmons had written an apology letter to the mother of Kathina Thomas , saying the bullet was not meant to hit the girl . In response to the fallout over Thomas ' death , and further gun violence in Albany , District Attorney David Soares announced a gun buyback program in mid-June , offering up gift cards to anyone who brought in a gun .

33_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york brooklyn gangmember - guilty - slay - mom - 12 - article - 1 . 1326009 Gang member guilty in slay of Brooklyn mom of 12 Andrew Lopez , 20 was found guilty in murder of Zurana Horton . Horton was struck by a stray bullet as Lopez targeted rival gang members . He faces up to 75 years to life in prison . WEDNESDAY , APRIL 24 , 2013 , 10 : 34 AM A gang member was convicted Tuesday for claiming the life of a mother of 12 when he sprayed 13 bullets from a Brooklyn rooftop in broad daylight . Andrew Lopez , 20 , was found guilty of slaying Zurana Horton , 34 , and wounding Unique Armstead , 32 , and Cheanne McKnight , 11 , in October 2011 as he targeted rival gang members . He faces up to 75 years to life in prison when he's sentenced May 7 . The gruesome death on a busy Brownsville street was captured in a chilling surveillance tape played at trial . It took the panel just over two hours to convict Lopez , who confessed after the shooting .

33_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . brooklyneagle . com articles guilty - verdict - murderer - brooklyn - mother - 12 - 2013 - 04 - 24 - 204500 Guilty verdict for murderer of Brooklyn mother of 12 A Brooklyn jury has returned a guilty verdict for Andrew Lopez for the murder of Zurana Horton and the injury of two others . Convicted of second - degree murder and assault in the first degree , Lopez , 20 , faces a potential sentence of life in prison when he is sentenced by Justice Vincent Del Giudice . In October 2011 , Lopez and his co - defendant and half - brother Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , were arrested in connection with a shooting in Brownsville's Howard housing projects . Surveillance footage , provided as evidence to the jurors , captures the horrific event as it unfolded . The video shows Horton , a mother of 12 , on the street near a school immediately prior to the shooting . It shows her attempting to shield herself from the spray of bullets , and ultimately her fatally wounded body on the sidewalk . "Zurana Horton became a victim of the senseless gang violence that plagues Brooklyn , " prosecutor Seth Goldman said during the murder trial of Lopez and Carrasquillo . It was said throughout the investigation and trial that Lopez and Carrasquillo were targeting members of a rival gang when Horton and the two other victims killed and injured in the crossfire . Carrasquillo allegedly ordered Lopez to shoot . The jury is still deliberating on Carrasquillo's verdict . Lopez's sentence date is May 7 . April 24 , 2013 - 4 : 45pm

33_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com new - york brooklyn video - shows - moments - brooklyn - mom - 12 - article - 1 . 1314511 Last moments of Brooklyn mother of 12 killed in crossfire caught on tape Zurana Horton , 34 , was killed on Oct . 21 , 2011 while walking near an intersection in Brownsville after 2 p . m . Andrew Lopez , 20 , is the accused gunman who sprayed gunfire from a rooftop . THURSDAY , APRIL 11 , 2013 , 9 : 53 PM A shocking video released for the first time Thursday captures the moment a Brooklyn mother of 12 was killed in a gang shootout as she picked her daughter up from school . The dramatic footage was shown at the trial of two local toughs charged with killing Zurana Horton , 34 , on Oct . 21 , 2011 . At 2 : 18 p . m . , Horton and two other moms are seen approaching a Brownsville intersection as a yellow school bus rolls up . A commotion breaks out as the three mothers and two children press up against a storefront for safety . Horton pushes a child out of the way , grips her chest , then collapses to the ground next to a pool of her own blood . "I saw her fall back . . . I saw blood coming from her , " testified Unique Armstead , the mother in the video wearing a white jacket , seen enveloping herself around her son as they dive to the ground just feet from where Horton was killed . Armstead was shot in the left arm . Andrew Lopez , 20 , is accused of firing indiscriminately at rival gang members from a nearby rooftop . His half - brother , Jonathan Carrasquillo , 24 , who allegedly instructed Lopez to take care of their enemies , is also on trial for murder . Armstead , 32 , testified that after she overheard someone say "he has a gun , " she took refuge inside a corner bodega with her son , who was celebrating his 11th birthday that day . They stepped out less than a minute later when it looked like the threat was over , she said , but then shots started to ring out . "I thought it was a brick but it was a bullet , " Armstead testified . "I told my son , 'I think I'm shot . ' " An 11 - year - old girl , Cheanne McKnight , was grazed in the cheek . Lopez is accused of spraying 13 shots on a Friday afternoon , just as schools were being let out . Horton's senseless death shook the city and highlighted the scourge of gun violence that plagues its hardscrabble neighborhoods . The two juries hearing the case - one for each defendant - showed little emotion as the disturbing tape was played in court . Horton's mother , Denise Peace , said she is now caring for five of her daughter's orphaned kids while their father is looking after seven others . Of the alleged gunman , she said , "He's a menace to society . " The trial will resume Monday with testimony from a man who purportedly told prosecutors he has been threatened with death by Lopez's brother . After the witness , who covered his face with a hoodie , was heard in an empty courtroom , the judge ruled he can testify in open court . But Justice Vincent DelGiudice made clear the witness is reluctant to take the stand . "The man is petrified , " he said . "The man is an emotional wreck . "

33_8ecbplus.xml
http : brooklyn . news12 . com news prosecutors - release - new - video - in - shooting - trial - of - brownsville - mother - of - 12 - zurana - horton - 1 . 5080720 Prosecutors release new video in shooting trial of Brownsville mother of 12 , Zurana Horton Published : April 16 , 2013 9 : 09 AM Prosecutors have released new video in the trial of two men accused of killing a Brownsville mother of 12 in Oct . 2011 . The video shows Zurana Horton falling to the ground surrounded by kids in the moments after gunfire erupted outside her children's school . Witnesses say Horton died trying to shield several students . Authorities have charged Andrew Lopez and Jonathan Carrasquillo with her murder .

33_9ecbplus.xml
http : brooklyn . news12 . com news jury - finds - andrew - lopez - guilty - in - murder - of - zurana - horton - 1 . 5124293 Jury finds Andrew Lopez guilty in murder of Zurana Horton Published : April 23 , 2013 9 : 39 AM A jury has handed down a guilty verdict for one of the two men accused of murdering a Brownsville mother of 12 . Andrew Lopez was found guilty of second - degree murder and two counts of first - degree assault in the death of Zurana Horton . Jury deliberations are still underway for the second suspect , Jonathan Carrasquillo . Horton was shot and killed in October 2011 when gunfire erupted outside . . .

