34_10ecb.xml
I confirmed yesterday that Obama has offered the job and that Gupta had all but officially accepted . Got it up on the Web site at 2:36 p.m. , mere moments after filing the story . Cyberspeed comes in handy sometimes . CNN , where I host a weekly program , did n't report it until 3:59 , but the blogs went crazy -- lead story on HuffPost , top of Drudge 's page , then the NYT and others . Gupta would n't comment to me -- while not denying the story -- but confirmed on his Twitter feed that he `` has been approached by the Obama administration about the U.S. surgeon general 's post . '' Everyone 's digital these days . It 's interesting that Obama was so intent on recruiting him that he met with the `` House Call '' host for 2 1/2 hours on Nov. 25 . He seems to want an administration of stars in the Hillary mode . Gupta does n't have a Panetta problem -- he operates inside people 's heads , after all -- and has always been drawn to health policy , since a stint in the Clinton White House .

34_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . scientificamerican . com blog post . cfm ? id=obama - nominates - new - surgeon - general - 2009 - 07 - 13 Obama nominates new surgeon general : MacArthur "genius grant" fellow Regina Benjamin Jul 13 , 2009 01 : 40 PM As the country's politicos have their sights set on the U . S . Supreme Court confirmation hearings for Sonia Sotomayor today , President Barack Obama nominated Regina Benjamin , 52 , as the country's new surgeon general , the "leading spokesperson on issues of public health , " Obama said . Benjamin , a rural family doctor in Alabama , was a 2008 MacArthur Foundation Fellow , and in 1995 she was elected to the American Medical Association's board of trustees , making her both the first black woman on the board and the first AMA trustee to be elected before the age of 40 . In 1990 she founded the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic , which cares for a largely uninsured working - class community that was hit by both Hurricanes Katrina and George . In addition to providing for her ill patients - whether or not they can foot the bill - "she's been a relentless promoter of prevention and wellness programs , " Obama said about Benjamin , who has had many relatives have die of preventable diseases . In her acceptance speech , Benjamin thanked two of her mentors : former Surgeon General David Satcher and former Secretary of Health and Human Services , Louis Sullivan . If confirmed by the Senate , she will replace Rear Admiral Steven K . Galson , who has been acting surgeon general since October 2007 . The surgeon general "communicates the best science , evidence , and data to the American people for them to make healthy choices , " according to the Office of the Surgeon General's Web site . CNN correspondent Sanjay Gupta had been the front - runner for the spot earlier this year until he pulled himself out of consideration .

34_11ecb.xml
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon and chief medical correspondent for CNN , has been offered the post of Surgeon General by President-elect Barack Obama , according to sources . Gupta , 39 , has reportedly accepted the job , according to the Washington Post , and is already working out the details of moving his family from Atlanta to Washington .

34_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article regina - benjamin - u - s - surgeon - general - nominee Regina Benjamin U . S . Surgeon General nominee July 13 , 2009 President Barack Obama held a press conference , July 13 , 2009 to announce his nominee for U . S . Surgeon General , Regina Benjamin . Here is the transcript of the announcement . President Barack Obama : Before I introduce America's next surgeon general , I'd like to say a few words about our ongoing efforts to reform the health care system that she will help oversee . We are now closer to the goal of health care reform than we have ever been . Over the last several weeks , key committees in the House and the Senate have made important and unprecedented progress on a plan that will lower costs , provide better care for patients and curb the worst practices of the insurance companies . It's a plan that will not add to our deficit over the next decade . Let me repeat that : It is a plan that will not add to our deficit over the next decade and eventually will help lower our deficit by slowing the skyrocketing costs of Medicare and Medicaid . Now , even though we are close , I've got no illusions that it's going to be easy to get over the finish line . There are going to be more debates and more disagreements before all is said and done . But health care reform must be done . I know there are those who believe we should wait to solve this problem or take a more incremental approach or simply do nothing . But this is the kind of criticism we heard when the country tried to pass Medicare , a program that is now providing quality care to generations of American seniors . It's the kind of criticism we heard when we tried to pass the Children's Health Insurance Program , which has provided quality care and coverage to millions of kids . It's the same Washington thinking that has ignored big challenges and put off tough decisions for decades . And it is precisely that kind of small thinking that has led us into the current predicament . So , make no mistake : The status quo on health care is no longer an option for the United States of America . If we step back from this challenge right now , we will leave our children a legacy of debt , a future of crushing costs that bankrupt our families , our businesses and , because we will have done nothing to bring down the costs of Medicare and Medicaid , will crush our government . Premiums will continue to skyrocket , placing what amounts to another tax on American families struggling to pay bills . The insurance companies and special interests that have killed reform in the past will only continue to benefit even more , and they'll continue to deny coverage to Americans with pre - existing medical conditions . People will continue to lose health insurance just because they lose their job or they change jobs . This is a future that we cannot afford . This country can't afford to have health care premiums rise three times faster than people's wages as they did over the last decade . We can't afford 14 , 000 Americans losing their health care every single day . We can't afford a future where our government will eventually spend more on Medicare and Medicaid than what we spend on everything else . During the campaign I promised health care reform that would control costs , expand coverage and ensure choice , and I promised that Americans making $250 , 000 a year or less would not pay more in taxes . These are promises that we're keeping as reform moves forward . This is no longer a problem we can wait to fix . This is about who we are as a country . Health care reform is about every family's health , but it's also about the health of the economy . So , I just want to put everybody on notice , because there was a lot of chatter during the week that I was gone : We are going to get this done . Inaction is not an option . And for those naysayers and cynics who think that this is not going to happen , don't bet against us . We are going to make this thing happen because the American people desperately need it . And even those who are satisfied with their health care right now , they understand that if premiums keep on doubling and if employers keep on shedding health insurance because it's unsustainable , and if you look at the trajectory of where Medicare and Medicaid are going , then inaction will create the biggest crisis of all . And so I understand people are a little nervous and a little scared about making change . You know , the muscles in this town to bring about big changes are a little atrophied , but we're whipping folks back into shape . We are going to get this done . And if there's anyone who understands the urgency of meeting this challenge in a personal and powerful way , it is the woman who will become our nation's next surgeon general , Dr . Regina Benjamin . The list of qualifications that make Dr . Benjamin an outstanding candidate to be America's leading spokesperson on issues of public health are long indeed . She was in the second class at Morehouse School of Medicine and went on to earn an M . D . from the University of Alabama at Birmingham and an MBA from Tulane . She served as associate dean for rural health at the University of South Alabama College of Medicine , and in 1995 , she became the first physician under 40 and the first African - American woman to be named to the American Medical Association's board of trustees . In 2002 , she became president of Alabama's state medical association , and she has received numerous awards and recognitions , including the MacArthur genius award . It's very impressive . But of all these achievements and experience , none has been more pertinent to today's challenges or closer to Regina's heart than the rural health clinic that she has built and rebuilt in Bayou La Batre . Did I say that right ?

34_12ecb.xml
Barack Obama has asked the CNN medical correspondent Dr Sanjay Gupta to join his fledgling administration as the US surgeon general , according to reports . According to washingtonpost.com , the 39-year-old doctor is `` the Obama team 's first choice '' to become America 's most senior public health official . Although Gupta has not commented on the matter , the Post claims that he wants the job and is undergoing final vetting . CNN has confirmed Gupta has been approached by the president-elect 's transition team .

34_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . amednews . com article 20090720 government 307209986 1 Former AMA trustee Dr . Benjamin nominated to be surgeon general Posted July 20 , 2009 President Obama's choices to be the nation's top physician and top scientist are both hands - on practitioners with extensive leadership experience . On July 13 , Obama announced that he was nominating Regina M . Benjamin , MD , a family physician from southern Alabama , to be surgeon general . Dr . Benjamin , 52 , became the first woman and first African - American president of the Medical Assn . of the State of Alabama in 2002 . She also completed a term in June as chair of the AMA Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs and served on the AMA Board of Trustees from 1995 to 1998 , becoming the first physician under 40 to serve on the board in a non - resident role . On July 8 , Obama nominated Francis S . Collins , MD , PhD , as director of the National Institutes of Health . Dr . Collins , 59 , led the Human Genome Project - - an effort to sequence and map human genes , that concluded in 2003 . He left his position as director of the NIH's National Human Genome Research Institute in 2008 after 15 years but maintains a lab at the NIH's Bethesda , Md . , campus . Both nominees must first be confirmed by the Senate . AMA President J . James Rohack , MD , said Dr . Benjamin has an impressive list of accomplishments , including receiving a MacArthur Fellowship in 2008 , commonly known as the "genius grant . " But awards are not her main focus , he said . "Dr . Benjamin's most important qualification for surgeon general is her deep commitment to her patients . " Dr . Benjamin said in the White House Rose Garden announcement that the deaths of close relatives from preventable diseases drove her to focus on public health . "My father died with diabetes and hypertension . My older brother , and only sibling , died at age 44 of HIV - related illness . My mother died of lung cancer , because as a young girl , she wanted to smoke just like her twin brother could . " Dr . Collins' colleagues said he is a natural choice to head the primary federal agency for funding and conducting medical research because of his thoughtfulness , willingness to listen and experience as a spokesman for the genome mapping effort . "He's a forceful personality , " said Tom Murray , PhD , head of the Hastings Center , an independent bioethics research institute . "He wants to hear from people who don't agree with him . " Patients before profits If confirmed , Dr . Benjamin would be the nation's lead public health educator . Fellow physicians see the role as a good fit . Besides experience with family illnesses , Dr . Benjamin said she also was influenced by her medical school training under David Satcher , MD , PhD , who later became surgeon general , and others who focused on public health issues in underserved areas . Jorge Alsip , MD , the Alabama medical society's president , said Dr . Benjamin has seen how much patients in poor and rural areas appreciate her help . "That can't help but affect you and make you want to do something for these people , " said Dr . Alsip , an emergency physician who has known Dr . Benjamin for more than 15 years . Dr . Alsip also said Dr . Benjamin is tenacious . "If Regina's in a fight , don't ever bet against her . " She rebuilt her clinic in Bayou La Batre , Ala . , twice after hurricanes destroyed it and is rebuilding it a third time after a fire . Obama said his surgeon general pick has personally witnessed how the U . S . health system is broken . "She's seen an increasing number of patients who've had health insurance their entire lives suddenly lose it because they lost their jobs or because it's simply become too expensive . " Dr . Benjamin lamented the difficulty some doctors face in caring for patients , regardless of ability to pay . "It shouldn't be this expensive for Americans to get health care in this country , " she said . Obama said Dr . Benjamin has forgone a salary when her clinic faced financial hardship . Jeff Terry , MD , chair of the AMA's Alabama delegation and a urologist , said Dr . Benjamin has proven herself through work in organized medicine and elsewhere . The two co - founded the young physicians section of the state medical society nearly two decades ago . Since then , she has held leadership positions in physician organizations and other groups . Dr . Benjamin is also probably more politically liberal than many physicians on Alabama's Gulf Coast , Dr . Terry said . "Maybe President Obama saw a little of that in her . " Both scientific and religious Obama lauded Dr . Collins' experience in the July 8 announcement . "Dr . Collins is one of the top scientists in the world , and his groundbreaking work has changed the very ways we consider our health and examine disease . " Dr . Collins' laboratory discovered several important genes , including those responsible for cystic fibrosis and Huntington's disease . Acquaintances and colleagues predicted that Dr . Collins would do a good job representing NIH in front of lawmakers and others . He is a very approachable person who doesn't rely on jargon to communicate , said Sean B . Tipton , spokesman for the American Society of Reproductive Medicine . "He has an ability to interact with the public and with policymakers and the press that I think will serve him very well as an NIH director . " The Hastings Center's Murray said that if Dr . Collins ever made a mistake , it may be that he was a bit overly enthusiastic when describing the potential for breakthroughs when he was leading the Human Genome Project . Still , "I can't fault the scientist who really believes in their work for being enthusiastic as they talk to Congress , " Murray said . Dr . Collins has garnered attention by professing that his belief in God can coexist with his pursuit of science . He's written books on the topic , including the 2007 best - seller The Language of God : A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief . He is also founder and president of the BioLogos Foundation , whose purpose is to find compatibility between the scientific and religious searches for truth . In an interview with the spiritual Web site Beliefnet in 2007 , Dr . Collins said Christians who reject scientific evolutionary theory are also rejecting humans' ability to understand , a God - given skill . But there are limits to the questions science can answer , such as why we are here or what happens after death , he said . William Hurlbut , MD , a consulting professor of neuroscience at Stanford University and a former member of President George W . Bush's Council on Bioethics , said the idea that science and religion can't coexist is ridiculous . "A person with Francis' background is a very wise choice" for NIH chief , he said .

34_13ecb.xml
Barack Obama to Name Dr. Sanjay Gupta Surgeon General : Onion headline or actual news ? According to The Washington Post 's Howard Kurtz , it 's fact , and as long as the CNN doc can accustom himself to making White House money rather than cable-news money , he 's expected to accept .

34_14ecb.xml
President-elect Barack Obama 's reported choice for surgeon general , CNN medical correspondent Sanjay Gupta , could bring a dose of star power to a job that has n't had that much clout in decades .

34_15ecb.xml
Dr. Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon and CNN 's chief medical reporter , is the leading contender to become the next surgeon general , a pick that will give the moribund office a higher profile but one that has received a mixed reaction among public health advocates .

34_16ecb.xml
President-elect Barack Obama has asked neurosurgeon and CNN medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta to be U.S. surgeon general , a senior Democrat said on Tuesday . Gupta has been `` the Obama team 's first choice '' for the job , which would make the TV personality America 's top doctor , said the Democrat who is familiar with efforts by Obama to staff his pending administration . The Washington Post 's online service , washingtonpost.com , first reported that Gupta had been offered the job , traditionally the U.S. top spokesman on matters of public health .

34_1ecb.xml
CNN medical reporter and Grady hospital neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been approached by the Obama administration to fill the post of U.S. Surgeon General , CNN officials confirmed Tuesday .

34_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . whitehouse . gov the - press - office president - obama - announces - nominee - surgeon - general - 7 - 13 - 09 THE WHITE HOUSE Office of the Press Secretary FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE July 13 , 2009 President Obama Announces Nominee for Surgeon General Today , President Barack Obama announced his intent to nominate Regina M . Benjamin as Surgeon General , Department of Health and Human Services . President Obama said , "Health care reform is about every family's health and the health of our economy . And if there's anyone who understands the urgency of meeting this challenge in a personal and powerful way , it's the woman who will become our nation's next Surgeon General , Doctor Regina Benjamin . I look forward working with her in the months and years ahead . " President Obama announced his intent to nominate the following individual today : Regina M . Benjamin , Nominee for Surgeon General , Department of Health and Human Services Regina M . Benjamin , MD , MBA , is Founder and CEO of the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in Bayou La Batre , Alabama . She is the Immediate Past - Chair of the Federation of State Medical Boards of the United States , and previously served as Associate Dean for Rural Health at the University of South Alabama College of Medicine . In 2002 , she became President of the Medical Association of the State of Alabama , making her the first African American woman to be president of a State Medical Society in the United States . Dr . Benjamin holds a BS in Chemistry from Xavier University , New Orleans . She was in the 2nd class at Morehouse School of Medicine and received her MD degree from the University of Alabama , Birmingham , as well as an MBA from Tulane University . She completed her residency in family medicine at the Medical Center of Central Georgia . Dr . Benjamin received the Nelson Mandela Award for Health and Human Rights in 1998 , and was elected to the American Medical Association Board of Trustees in 1995 , making her the first physician under age 40 and the first African - American woman to be elected . Dr . Benjamin was previously named by Time Magazine as one of the "Nation's 50 Future Leaders Age 40 and Under . " She was also featured in a New York Times article , "Angel in a White Coat" , as "Person of the Week" on ABC's World News Tonight with Peter Jennings , and as "Woman of the Year" by CBS This Morning . She received the 2000 National Caring Award which was inspired by Mother Teresa , as well as the papal honor Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice from Pope Benedict XVI . She is also a recent recipient of the MacArthur Genius Award .

34_2ecb.xml
In a rich and symbolic recognition to India 's sterling contribution to the US health care system , the US President-elect has asked Dr Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's well-known medical correspondent and a neuro-surgeon of repute to be the country 's surgeon general .

34_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . whitehouse . gov blog Dr - Regina - Benjamin - Nominee - for - Surgeon - General Dr . Regina Benjamin : Nominee for Surgeon General July 13 , 2009 12 : 49 PM EDT The President announced his nominee for the U . S . Surgeon General , Dr . Regina Benjamin , today at the White House . Dr . Benjamin has an extensive and distinguished career in medicine . She is the Founder and CEO of the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in Alabama , which aims to provide primary care to people of any age regardless of their financial situation . She previously served as Chair of the Federation of State Medical Boards of the United States , and as the Associate Dean for Rural Health at the University of South Alabama College of Medicine . Additionally , she was chosen as President of the Medical Association of Alabama in 2002 , becoming the first African - American woman to be president of a state medical society . She was also the first African - American woman and physician under 40 to be elected to the American Medical Association Board of Trustees . She received the Nelson Mandela Award for Health and Human Rights in 1998 , among other honors . The President emphasized this experience in his remarks , chronicling her dedication to providing health care for her rural community in the face of adversity : And that's why , even though she could have left the state to make more money as a specialist or as a doctor in a wealthier community , Regina Benjamin returned to Alabama and opened a small clinic in Bayou La Batre . When people couldn't pay , she didn't charge them . When the clinic wasn't making money , she didn't take a salary for herself . When Hurricane George destroyed the clinic in 1998 , she made house calls to all her patients while it was rebuilt . When Hurricane Katrina destroyed it again and left most of her town homeless , she mortgaged her house and maxed out her credit cards to rebuild that clinic for a second time . She tended to those who had been wounded in the storm , and when folks needed medicine , she asked the pharmacist to send the bill her way . And when Regina's clinic was about to open for the third time , and a fire burned it to the ground before it could serve the first patient , well , you can guess what Dr . Benjamin did . With help from her community , she is rebuilding it again . One disabled patient brought her an envelope with $20 inside . Another elderly man said simply , "Maybe I can help . I got a hammer . " For nearly two decades , Dr . Regina Benjamin has seen in a very personal way what is broken about our health care system . She's seen an increasing number of patients who've had health insurance their entire lives suddenly lose it because they lost their jobs or because it's simply become too expensive . She's been a relentless promoter of prevention and wellness programs , having treated too many costly and - - diseases and complications that didn't have to happen . And she's witnessed the shortage of primary care physicians in the rural and underserved areas where she works . But for all that she's seen and all the tremendous obstacles that she has overcome , Regina Benjamin also represents what's best about health care in America - - doctors and nurses who give and care and sacrifice for the sake of their patients ; those Americans who would do anything to heal a fellow citizen . As the President explained , through this personal experience working with the poor and uninsured , Dr . Benjamin understands firsthand the urgent need for health care reform . As Surgeon General , she will be the people's health advocate , and will play a key role in health care reform . In her remarks , Dr . Benjamin explained how she sees her role : My hope , if confirmed as Surgeon General , is to be America's doctor , America's family physician . As we work toward a solution to this health care crisis , I promise to communicate directly with the American people to help guide them through whatever changes may come with health care reform .

34_3ecb.xml
News that Barack Obama may name Dr. Sanjay Gupta of Emory University and CNN as his Surgeon General has caused a spasm of celebrity reporting .

34_3ecbplus.xml
http : blog . al . com pr 2009 07 regina _ benjamin _ picked _ for _ us . html Regina Benjamin U . S . surgeon general nomination : Stories and resources on July 13 , 2009 at 10 : 50 AM , updated July 29 , 2009 at 12 : 16 PM President Barack Obama announces his nomination of Dr . Regina Benjamin , a physician who operates a clinic in Bayou La Batre , Ala . , as the U . S . Surgeon General during an announcement in the White House Rose Garden Monday , July 13 , 2009 .

34_4ecb.xml
Reports that President-elect Barack Obama had approached CNN 's medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta , to be the next Surgeon General inspired a parlor game among people who have too much free time ( a k a media types ) :

34_4ecbplus.xml
http : abcnews . go . com blogs politics 2009 07 the - doctor - is - finally - in - obama - to - name - regina - benjamin - for - surgeon - general The Doctor Is ( Finally ) In : Obama To Nominate Regina Benjamin as Surgeon General Jul 13 , 2009 11 : 23am President Obama will name Dr . Regina Benjamin as U . S . Surgeon General in a Rose Garden announcement late this morning . Benjamin , an Alabama family physician , runs a rural health clinic in Bayou La Batre . She was the first African - American woman to head a state medical society and received a MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" last year . She became known nationally for her determination to rebuild her clinic , destroyed in Hurricane Katrina in 2005 . In her profile on the National Institutes of Health web site , Benjamin writes about her calling to become a doctor while in medical school at the University of Alabama at Birmingham . "I believe it was divine intervention - it was in medical school when I realized there was nothing else I'd rather do with my life than to be a doctor . I had never seen a black doctor before I went to college , so I did not have an idea that I wanted to be one . I never thought I that I couldn't , but I never really thought about it at all . " According to a 1997 article in Ebony , Benjamin said she applied to Yale University School of Law before she attended college . "They sent me a reply politely telling me that I needed my undergraduate degree first . " To pay for college , she turned to the National Health Service Corps , which gave her a tuition reimbursement in exchange for committing to work in areas where there was a shortage of doctors . That agreement took her to Bayou La Batre where she was the only doctor for 2 , 500 people , most of whom lived below the poverty line and spoke no English . Benjamin was named the Person of the Week on ABC News' World News Tonight in 1995 and conveyed the challenges of servicing poor patients . "The people are real , genuine , hardworking . They're proud people . They make a living the best they can on shrimp boats . They , unfortunately , are too poor to pay their medical bills at times , " she told ABC News' Peter Jennings . "Sometimes it's very frustrating . Sometimes I can do everything that the textbooks taught me and school taught me and then patients can't buy their medicine . And it's all for nothing . " In January , it was reported that President Obama had asked CNN's Dr . Sanjay Gupta to be Surgeon General , and that Gupta had mulled the offer for a while , but eventually turned it down . Benjamin will appear in the Rose Garden today as the president makes the nomination formal .

34_5ecb.xml
Like you , I did a Scooby-Doo ( or was it Astro ? ) `` whuuuuhhh ? ? '' double-take when I spotted Sanjay Gupta 's smiling mug on a cable news channel not named CNN yesterday , being mentioned as a candidate -- the leading one , we must assume -- for U.S. Surgeon General .

34_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . ama - assn . org ama pub news news regina - benjamin - surgeon - general . page AMA Celebrates Nomination of Regina Benjamin , MD , Surgeon General For immediate release : July 13 , 2009 The American Medical Association is delighted that Dr . Regina Benjamin , MD , has been nominated to serve as our nation's next U . S . Surgeon General . Her many impressive accomplishments , including receiving a 2008 MacArthur Fellowship , commonly known as the "genius grant" , leave no doubt as to her qualifications . "Dr . Benjamin's most important qualification for surgeon general is her deep commitment to her patients . We are particularly gratified to see her recognized for her work caring for patients in rural Alabama , and for her commitment to rebuilding her rural health clinic in the wake of Hurricane Katrina . She is a true professional who puts her patients first . The AMA is immensely proud of Dr . Benjamin's accomplishments , and we are extremely fortunate that she has just served a term as chair of the AMA's Council on Ethical and Judicial Affairs . She served as a member of the AMA's Board of Trustees with the dual distinctions of being the AMA's first young physician trustee , as well as the first African - American woman board member . We look forward to seeing Dr . Benjamin serve as an advocate for all the nation's patients , as our country works toward health reform that provides high quality , affordable health coverage for all . "

34_6ecb.xml
CNN 's management confirmed yesterday that Dr Gupta had been approached by the Obama team . CNN management said : `` Since first learning that Dr Gupta was under consideration for the surgeon-general position , CNN has made sure his on-air reporting has been on health and wellness matters and not on healthcare policy or any matters involving the new administration . ''

34_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nlm . nih . gov news benjamin _ surg _ gen . html President Nominates Regina Benjamin , MD to Serve as Surgeon General Rural Family Physician Featured in NLM's "Changing the Face of Medicine" Exhibition President Obama has nominated Alabama physician Dr . Regina Benjamin to be US Surgeon General . Dr . Benjamin is one of the outstanding American women physicians profiled in NLM's 2003 - 2005 exhibition , "Changing the Face of Medicine . " Her biography appears at : http : www . nlm . nih . gov changingthefaceofmedicine physicians biography _ 31 . html . With support from the American Library Association , "Changing the Face of Medicine" is traveling the nation through November 2010 . You can view the itinerary at : http : www . nlm . nih . gov hmd about exhibition travelingexhibitions ctfom . html . Dr . Benjamin , who has held leadership positions statewide and nationally , has long provided medical care on the Gulf Coast . In 1990 , she founded Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in the fishing village of Bayou La Batre , Alabama . Her clinic was battered by Hurricane Georges in 1998 and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 , but Benjamin rebuilt it each time and continued to offer medical care to the village's 2 , 500 residents . Many of her family practice patients are uninsured , according to the MacArthur Foundation , which last year awarded her one of its prestigious $500 , 000 "genius" grants . Her patient population includes immigrants from Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos , who comprise a third of Bayou La Batre's population . Benjamin received a bachelor's degree in 1979 from Xavier University of Louisiana , attended Morehouse School of Medicine from 1980 to 1982 and received a doctor of medicine degree from the University of Alabama at Birmingham in 1984 . She completed her residency in family practice at the Medical Center of Central Georgia in 1987 and has served as CEO of the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic since its founding in 1990 . She earned a master's degree in business administration in 1991 from Tulane University . Dr . Benjamin also served as the associate dean for rural health at the University of South Alabama's College of Medicine and as president of the State of Alabama Medical Association from 2002 to 2003 . She is the first woman , first African American woman and first person under age 40 to sit on the board of trustees of the American Medical Association , serving from 1995 through 1998 . The U . S . Surgeon General serves as America's chief health educator by providing Americans the best scientific information available on how to improve their health and reduce the risk of illness and injury . In carrying out all responsibilities , the Surgeon General reports to the Assistant Secretary for Health , who is the principal advisor to the Secretary of Health and Human Services on public health and scientific issues . The US Surgeon General also serves on the NLM Board of Regents as an ex officio member .

34_7ecb.xml
U.S. president-elect Barack Obama has asked neurosurgeon Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , to serve as the country 's surgeon general , CNN reported Tuesday .

34_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . rwjf . org en about - rwjf newsroom newsroom - content 2009 07 robert - wood - johnson - foundation - trustee - regina - benjamin - m - d - m - b - a . html Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Trustee , Regina Benjamin , M . D . , M . B . A . , Nominated for Surgeon General of the United States Nominee praised for her expertise , credentials , judgment and passionate commitment to health care equity and social justice . July 13 , 2009 The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation congratulates former trustee , Regina Benjamin , M . D . , M . B . A . , on being nominated for Surgeon General of the United States . Benjamin brings to the position tremendous expertise , leading academic credentials , impeccable judgment , and a passionate commitment to health care equity and social justice . While the Foundation is sorry to be losing Benjamin as a trustee , we are grateful that she is continuing to dedicate her knowledge and commitment to helping Americans lead healthier lives and get the care they need .

34_8ecb.xml
CNN reporter Sanjay Gupta , a neurosurgeon who is among the nation 's best-known physicians , is under serious consideration to be the next surgeon general , Democratic and network officials said Tuesday .

34_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . womenmakingmoves . org 2009 07 surgeon - general - nominee - dr - regina . html WEDNESDAY , JULY 29 , 2009 Surgeon General Nominee Dr . Regina Benjamin I was immediately impressed with Dr . Regina Benjamin's background when President Obama nominated her for U . S . Surgeon General . She's led an impressive career , one that includes deciding to practice in a low - income community in the Gulf Coast of Alabama . The Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic has been a staple for residents since 1987 and often doesn't charge patients who can't afford to pay . The clinic also focuses heavily on preventative illness since this hits close to home for Dr . Benjamin . She lost her father to diabetics and high - blood pressure , her mother to lung cancer and her brother from a HIV - related illness . Personally and professionally , Dr . Benjamin has longed fought for the well - being of others . After researching her background , I had a gut feeling she was a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority , Inc . , a non - profit community service based organization . And it was confirmed several days later when the sorority's national president announced Dr . Benjamin became a member while completing her undergraduate degree at Xavier University in New Orleans , La . While I wasn't the only one impressed with Dr . Benjamin's background , there were also some who questioned her ability to perform the duties of Surgeon General . An article with the subtitle : "Do you have to be thin to be fit for the role of nation's Top Doc ? " , was published shortly after Dr . Benjamin's nomination . Dr . Arthur Caplan penned the article and defended Dr . Benjamin due to her tireless effort of serving those less fortunate . I applaud him for taking a stand on Dr . Benjamin's behalf . I don't condone a unhealthy lifestyle , but I'm sure Dr . Benjamin is probably like many of us . With hectic work schedules and families , it can be difficult to find time to lead a healthy lifestyle . I struggle with juggling my to - do - list daily and sometimes exercise and healthy eating doesn't make the cut . It's no secret that women are confronted with these issues more than men . I'm calling on women to speak up for Dr . Benjamin . You don't have to agree with the policies of President Obama or even with the nomination of Dr . Benjamin , but we can't continue to allow society to dictate our outer appearance . Women , start making your Moves today !

34_9ecb.xml
So in choosing Gupta , the TV star and neurosurgeon , President-elect Barack Obama seems to be reaching back to the era when C. Everett Koop was the straight-talking surgeon general advocating for the public 's health . As the WSJ notes , Gupta as a journalist is already a public figure who informs the nation about health . Since CNN learned of Gupta 's candidacy , the cable network has made sure his on-air reporting has n't touched health-care policy or other subjects involving the new administration , the WSJ reports .

34_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . catholicnewsagency . com news obama _ nominates _ rural _ catholic _ doctor _ as _ surgeon _ general Obama nominates rural Catholic doctor as Surgeon General Washington D . C . , Jul 13 , 2009 02 : 00 pm ( CNA ) President Barack Obama has announced that he is nominating a rural Alabama Catholic doctor to be the U . S . Surgeon General . Reacting to the news , the rector of Mobile's Catholic cathedral , where she serves as lector , is encouraging her to defend the unborn in her new position . In a Monday statement President Obama said he intended to nominate Dr . Regina Benjamin as Surgeon General , the United States government's "chief health educator . " The president's announcement focused on health care reform as an urgent challenge . Dr . Benjamin , the first black woman to be admitted to the American Medical Association , founded the Bayou La Batre Rural Health Clinic in Alabama in 1990 . There , she served the poor Alabama community on the Gulf Coast after 1998's Hurricane Georges and 2005's Hurricane Katrina . She had to rebuild the clinic after it burned down , receiving a $500 , 000 MacArthur Foundation "genius grant" in 2008 for the effort . Dr . Benjamin is known as being a national leader in improving health disparities , motivated by the need in her community . Immigrants from Vietnam , Cambodia and Laos make up a third of the area's population of 2 , 500 . She received the Nelson Mandela Award for Health and Human Rights in 1998 . Pope Benedict XVI awarded her the Pro Ecclessia et Pontifice medal in 2006 . President Obama's announcement also noted that Dr . Benjamin received the 2000 National Caring Award which was inspired by Mother Teresa . The nominee graduated from Xavier University in New Orleans , a Catholic school descended from the educational work of St . Katharine Drexel . Dr . Benjamin received her medical degree from the University of Alabama , Birmingham . Dr . Benjamin has also served on the Board of Trustees for the Catholic Health Association , a position that she will resign from to take on her new job . In a Monday statement , CHA president and chief executive officer Sister Carol Keehan , DC , said that the organization "rejoices for our nation" in Dr . Benjamin's nomination . "In Dr . Benjamin , we have a brilliant physician who understands health care , nationally and internationally ; but even more important , she knows the health care needs of the people of Bayou La Batre , Alabama , who she meets on a daily basis . " Sr . Keehan said the nominee will "enrich the nation" with her competence and integrity and she praised Dr . Benjamin's daily experience working in "a very vulnerable committee . " CNA spoke with Msgr . Michael L . Farmer , Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Mobile and rector at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Mobile . Msgr . Farmer said Dr . Benjamin is a "delightful lady" who has served as lector at the cathedral and has been "readily available" to speak with various Catholic organizations . She has also worked with Catholic Charities in Mobile and has spoken on the good the organization does . He reported that she grew up at the historically African - American parish Shrine of the Holy Cross in the Gulf Coast town of Daphne , Alabama . The monsignor also confirmed that then - Archbishop of Mobile Oscar Lipscomb recommended Dr . Regina Benjamin for the Pro Ecclesia et Pontifice award . The medal is bestowed to lay people and clergy who have given zealous and outstanding service to the Church . The honor was instituted by Pope Leo XIII in 1888 . "He recommended her for her example in her Catholic faith as well as in her medical profession , " Msgr . Farmer said , noting the "amazing amount of work" she has done for the common good and for health care in south Mobile County . Expressing certainty that Dr . Benjamin had opportunities to go elsewhere , he said the doctor had made a "concrete decision" to remain in Alabama and address her patients' needs . "She's noted not only for clinic work , but for going on site to these people's homes . And they're not necessarily the nicest places to go to . " He said it was "remarkable" and "bridge - building" that Dr . Benjamin , an African - American woman , has done her work in the bayou , which he described as a majority white community with "a lot of poor people in it . " Given the appointments and policy decisions of the Obama Administration that favor the promotion of abortion , CNA asked Msgr . Farmer if he knew what Dr . Benjamin's position is on abortion . He explained that he did not "explicitly" know Dr . Benjamin's position on abortion and other life issues and had never discussed it with her . "I would hope that her position would be in line with the Church's position , " he told CNA . "As far as I know she has been in conformity with the Catholic Church . " "I would hope that that would continue , " he added , noting that it could be "difficult" to adhere to Catholic moral teaching in a position with the Obama Administration . In a Monday morning telephone interview with CNA , Sr . Keehan pointed out that Dr . Benjamin isn't "in a specialty that would do abortion" and that her work to provide health care to the poor and elderly demonstrates her "tremendous attention to the issue of life . " "And you've got her own archbishop who asked the Holy Father to give her the Pro Ecclesia medal . "You don't get that for just being a token Catholic , " she told CNA . In December 2008 a coalition of several dozen pro - abortion groups released a strategy document titled "Advancing Reproductive Rights and Health in a New Administration" calling on Obama to improve access to "abortion care . " The document named the surgeon general's office as a "position of interest . "

