35_10ecb.xml
Chargers ' Jackson arrested on suspicion of DUI But after being arrested for suspicion DUI earlier this week , he has bigger worries than his role in the Chargers ' offense . 10News in San Diego is reporting that Jackson was arrested by the California Highway Patrol early Tuesday morning after failing sobriety tests . CHP Officer Brad Baehr said Jackson was on probation for a previous DUI arrest . The Chargers will not discipline Jackson at this time , but it 's almost a guarantee that the NFL will step in and suspend him for several games at the start of this season . However , unless you hear otherwise , Jackson will be playing in this week 's divisional playoff at Pittsburgh . Those in postseason leagues ( like our SalCap game or our 3-for-All game ) should avoid Jackson , but not just because of his recent troubles with the law . He was held without a catch for the second time all year last week , and this week he faces Pittsburgh 's top-ranked pass defense ( 156.9 yards allowed per game ) . In San Diego 's first meeting with the Steelers this season , Jackson was held to just two catches for 25 yards . Jackson 's recent run-in with the law effectively puts an end to his keeper value for next season .

35_10ecbplus.xml
http : tucsoncitizen . com morgue 2009 02 04 109301 - san - diego - lineman - arrested - on - suspicion - of - dui San Diego lineman arrested on suspicion of DUI on Feb . 04 , 2009 San Diego Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving , the team ’ s second such arrest in less than a month . Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside downtown San Diego , the California Highway Patrol said . Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results were not yet known . Williams was booked into county jail and later released on bail . The City Attorney ’ s office said the case hadn ’ t been submitted as of Tuesday . “ It ’ s disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , ” general manager A . J . Smith said in a statement released by the team . “ We ’ ll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . “ The Chargers have always been leaders and positive contributors to our community , ” Smith added . “ We take our stature in the community very seriously . Through the Chargers and the NFL , our players receive one of the most comprehensive education and support programs in sports to help them deal with issues that affect all segments of society . ” Smith didn ’ t return a call seeking further comment . Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for investigation of DUI on Jan . 6 , five days before San Diego ’ s playoff loss at Pittsburgh . Jackson is due in court Feb . 17 . He was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , the CHP said . Williams , an 11 - year veteran , shared the team ’ s MVP Award with quarterback Philip Rivers this season .

35_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . duianswer . com blog san - diego - chargers - defensive - tackle - faces - dui - charges . cfm San Diego Chargers Defensive Tackle Faces DUI Charges Jamal Williams , the defensive tackle for the San Diego Chargers was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving early morning on Sunday , February 1 , 2009 . He is the second Chargers ’ player within the last month to be arrested for DUI . Williams was initially pulled over for speeding on a freeway outside downtown . He submitted to a blood - alcohol test , but it will take a few weeks for the results to be completed . Williams was taken to a county jail where he later was released on bail . Williams is an 11 - year veteran and recipient of the Chargers ’ Most Valuable Player Award this season . According to the City Attorney ’ s office , Williams ’ case had not been submitted as of Tuesday , February 3 , 2009 . The team ’ s general manager , A . J . Smith said that “ we ’ ll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . ” He went on to say , “ the Chargers have always been leaders and positive contributors to our community . We take our stature in the community very seriously . Through the Chargers and the NFL , our players receive one of the most comprehensive education and support programs in sports to help them deal with issues that affect all segments of society . ” Vincent Jackson , the Chargers receiver , was also recently arrested on allegations of DUI . His DUI arrest occurred five days before San Diego ’ s playoff loss at Pittsburgh . Jackson ’ s court date is set for February 17 , 2009 . When he was arrested , he was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , according to the California Highway Patrol .

35_1ecb.xml
Chargers WR Jackson will play vs. Steelers An arrest for suspicion of driving under the influence will not affect the playing status of San Diego Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson for Sunday 's divisional playoff game at Pittsburgh . Jackson was arrested on the DUI charge early Tuesday morning by the California Highway Patrol . However , the fourth-year wide receiver likely will not face disciplinary action until the 2009 season . An NFL spokesman on Wednesday said the league will await a determination by the court before considering disciplinary action against Jackson . Along with the misdemeanor DUI allegation , California Highway Patrol Officer Brad Baehr said Jackson was cited for driving on probation for a prior DUI . Jackson issued a statement released through the team . `` I was stopped by an officer , '' he said . `` I do n't think any charges will be filed as a result of the stop . In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence . '' Baehr said he was not aware of the particulars of the previous DUI charge and that results of Jackson 's blood test are pending . Jackson had his finest season in 2008 with with 59 receptions for 1,098 yards and seven touchdowns for the AFC West champions . `` We 're aware of the off-the-field issue involving Vincent , '' team general manager A.J. Smith said in a statement . `` Obviously we 're disappointed . We take these issues very seriously . Moving forward , we will monitor the situation and have no further comment . ''

35_1ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com sports football nfl chargers 2009 - 02 - 03 - williams - arrested _ N . htm Chargers' Jamal Williams arrested on DUI suspicion Posted 2 3 2009 11 : 11 PM Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving , the team's second such arrest in less than a month . Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside downtown , the California Highway Patrol said . Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results won't be known for a few weeks . Williams was booked into county jail and later released on bail . The City Attorney's office said the case hadn't been submitted as of Tuesday . "It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , " general manager A . J . Smith said in a statement released by the team . "We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . "The Chargers have always been leaders and positive contributors to our community , " Smith added . "We take our stature in the community very seriously . Through the Chargers and the NFL , our players receive one of the most comprehensive education and support programs in sports to help them deal with issues that affect all segments of society . " Smith didn't return a call seeking further comment . Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for investigation of DUI on Jan . 6 , five days before San Diego's playoff loss at Pittsburgh . Jackson is due in court Feb . 17 . He was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , the CHP said . Williams , an 11 - year veteran , shared the team's Most Valuable Player Award with quarterback Philip Rivers this season . The Chargers reached the playoffs with an 8 - 8 record . Coincidentally , the Chargers were the first NFL team to implement Safe Ride Solutions , a program in which pro athletes who've had too much to drink can call a toll - free number and request a ride from an off - duty police officer . For implementing the program , the Chargers were awarded the NFL's Winston - Shell Award for demonstrating commitment and dedication to developing unique and innovative ideas and solutions . Smith often speaks of signing "character" players , yet the Chargers have had their share of off - field problems in recent seasons . In 2006 , there were seven run - ins with the law by Chargers players , including linebacker Steve Foley's shooting by an off - duty Coronado police officer who suspected him of drunken driving , and two other players who were arrested for investigation of DUI . Besides the arrests , linebacker Shawne Merriman was suspended four games for testing positive for steroids in 2006 , and linebacker Stephen Cooper was suspended by the NFL for the first four games of the 2008 season after testing positive for a banned stimulant .

35_2ecb.xml
Jackson arrested on DUI charge Despite his arrest on suspicion of driving under the influence early yesterday , Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson will play in Sunday 's AFC divisional playoff game at Pittsburgh . Jackson , 25 , was driving east on state Route 52 near Interstate 805 just after 2:30 a.m. when he was pulled over for an observed traffic violation , California Highway Patrol Officer Brad Baehr said . Jackson faces the misdemeanor DUI allegation as well as charges that he was driving on probation for a prior DUI in June 2006 , Baehr said . The results of a blood test are pending . Jackson proffered his innocence in a statement released yesterday afternoon . `` This morning I was stopped by an officer , '' Jackson said in the statement . `` I do n't think any charges will be filed as a result of the stop . In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence . '' The arrest will not affect Jackson 's status for Sunday 's game . The NFL 's collective bargaining agreement gives the league , not teams , authority to punish players for alcohol and substance abuses . Any discipline by the league would be meted out for the 2009 season , several sources said . A suspension certainly is possible . The NFL 's substance-abuse policy states : `` Discipline for a second or subsequent offense is likely to be a suspension , the duration of which may escalate for repeat offenses . '' Jared Allen , then with Kansas City , was suspended for the first four games of the 2007 season after being charged with DUI twice in one year . The NFL later reduced his suspension to two games . Chargers players had the day off yesterday . General Manager A.J. Smith issued the following statement on Jackson 's arrest : `` We 're aware of the off-the-field issue involving Vincent . Obviously , we 're disappointed . We take these issues very seriously . Moving forward , we will monitor the situation and have no further comment . '' Jackson was driving a 2008 GMC Sierra registered to him , Baehr said . He was booked into county jail and was released by 6 a.m. , Baehr said . Jackson , in his fourth season , caught a career-high 59 passes and led the team with 1,098 yards , also a career high . His seven receiving touchdowns were also a career best and second on the team . Earlier this week , Smith called Jackson a `` true professional '' and `` ultimate team player '' for how hard Jackson played even while not catching any passes . `` You win championships with players like Vincent Jackson , '' Smith said . The general manager has put an emphasis on character and avoiding off-the-field issues . The Chargers have not had any arrests become public this season and have been relatively trouble-free in recent years . In 2006 , linebacker Steve Foley was shot by an off-duty Coronado policeman who suspected Foley of driving under the influence . Foley pleaded guilty to misdemeanor drunken driving and was placed on five years ' probation . In July , he settled a lawsuit against the city of Coronado for $ 5.5 million . Jackson 's contract runs through 2009 , and he is among the hottest young receivers in the league . What becomes of this incident , combined with the previous DUI , could affect Jackson 's long-term future with the Chargers . Smith has let go a number of players who have had off-the-field troubles . While none was as productive or possessed the upside of Jackson , Smith did last February release tackle Shane Olivea just two years after signing Olivea to a contract that guaranteed him $ 9 million . Olivea later underwent treatment for an addiction to pain killers . `` You 're a Charger one year at a time , '' Smith has often said . Recently , speaking of the lack of incidents involving his players , Smith said , `` It 's very important if you want to be a Charger you do the right things on and off the field . '' The Chargers leave Friday for Pittsburgh , where they will face the Steelers at 1:45 p.m. Sunday .

35_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . utsandiego . com news 2009 Feb 02 bn02jamal225516 - no - headline Chargers lineman Jamal Williams faces DUI charges 10 : 55 P . M . FEB . 2 , 2009 Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams was arrested early Sunday on suspicion of drunken driving after he was speeding down state Route 94 , the California Highway Patrol said . Williams , 32 , was going west in his 2008 Bentley about 1 : 30 a . m . , CHP Officer Brian Pennings said . He said he did not know how fast Williams was going . A CHP officer pulled Williams over near Home Avenue east of downtown , in the Ridgeview Webster area . Pennings said Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results are not yet known . Williams was booked into county jail and later was released on bail . Another Charger , receiver Vincent Jackson , was arrested early Jan . 6 on suspicion of driving under the influence on state Route 52 near Interstate 805 . Jackson said in a statement at the time that he looked forward to proving his innocence .

35_3ecb.xml
Chargers receiver arrested for DUI San Diego Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving on Tuesday morning , five days before a key NFL playoff game . Police apprehended Jackson at about 2:30 a.m. and booked him for the misdemeanour before his release , making for a long night with a playoff looming on Sunday at Pittsburgh against the Steelers Jackson enjoyed the best of his four NFL seasons in 2008 with 59 catches for 1,098 yards and seven touchdowns . `` We 're aware of the off-the-field issue involving Vincent , '' Chargers general manager A.J. Butler said in a statement . `` Obviously we 're disappointed . We take these issues very seriously . Moving forward , we will monitor the situation . ''

35_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . utsandiego . com news 2009 Feb 04 1s4chargers222254 - williams - dui - arrest - just - latest - Williams' DUI arrest just the latest for Chargers Team has program to address problem 2 A . M . FEB . 4 , 2009 Two years ago , the Chargers won an NFL special award for helping start a San Diego program by which players who've been imbibing can call a private number for a ride home , an alternative to driving under the influence . A former Chargers fullback , Lorenzo Neal , was among the co - founders of the “ Safe Ride Solutions ” program that since has been expanded to other NFL cities . Evidently , though , the drinking and driving problem hasn't been eradicated in San Diego . Sunday , for the second time in less than four weeks , a Chargers player was pulled over in the early - morning hours and arrested on suspicion of DUI . “ It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams , ” said General Manager A . J . Smith in a news release issued by the team yesterday . “ We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . ” Smith's statement served as the only comment from the Chargers . A request to interview club President Dean Spanos was declined by a spokesman . As it is , the Chargers are still awaiting the disposition of a similar case involving wide receiver Vincent Jackson , arrested Jan . 6 in Clairemont on suspicion of driving under the influence . Jackson , also facing charges of driving while on probation for a prior DUI , has an arraignment set for Feb . 17 in San Diego Superior Court . Williams , a three - time Pro Bowl nose tackle , was stopped for speeding westbound on state route 94 at approximately 1 : 30 a . m Sunday . Arrested by the CHP on suspicion of drunken driving , he was booked into county jail and later released on bond . Results of Williams' blood - alcohol test have not been released . “ These are just two more arrests that we've had , ” said Pat Hodgkin , local executive director of Mothers Against Drunk Driving ( MADD ) , noting that roughly 13 , 000 DUI convictions are issued every year in San Diego County . “ However , these are media - worthy professionals . These are individuals that not only youth looks up to , but adults look up to as well . They need to understand that they have an effect on people and a responsibility . ” The Chargers were involved in one of the most publicized and bizarre instances of a DUI stop in 2006 . Linebacker Steve Foley was shot three times by an off - duty Coronado police officer who followed Foley from downtown to the player's home in Poway . Foley , his career ended by the bullet wounds , later pleaded guilty to misdemeanor DUI . It was that case that prompted Gary Lawrence , a detective with the Northern Division of the San Diego Police Department , to ally with the Chargers in a program in which players who've been drinking would call “ Safe Ride Solutions ” and be driven home by an off - duty member of law enforcement . “ Anytime anybody's arrested for DUI , I get very disappointed , and not just when athletes are involved , ” said Lawrence yesterday . “ We're talking about a crime where people are killed or injured , a crime where people go to jail , and it's 100 percent preventable . ” Citing his company's confidentiality agreement with clients , Lawrence declined to discuss anything specific pertaining to the Chargers and their players . From its start with the team , though , the business has grown to include clients from other high - profile realms and put to work by other NFL franchises . In recognition of the program , the league gave the Chargers its Winston - Shell Award in 2007 for “ demonstrating commitment and dedication to developing unique and innovative ideas and solutions . ”

35_4ecb.xml
Charger says he 's innocent of DUI Wide receiver Jackson says he does n't think charges will be filed San Diego Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested yesterday on suspicion of drunken driving . Jackson failed sobriety tests shortly after 2 a.m. on state Route 52 in San Diego , said California Highway Patrol Officer Ray Scheidnes . He said he did n't know Jackson 's blood-alcohol level . An officer stopped Jackson after spotting the player braking abruptly , speeding and weaving in a 2008 GMC Sierra , said Highway Patrol Officer Brad Baehr . Jackson was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , he said . The player was taken to the San Diego County jail and later released . Jackson , in a brief statement released through the team , said he did n't think charges would be filed against him . `` In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence , '' he said . A gun owned by Indianapolis Colts star Marvin Harrison was used in an April shooting , but investigators still can not determine who pulled the trigger , the city 's chief prosecutor said yesterday . Five of the six bullet casings found at the North Philadelphia shooting scene came from Harrison 's weapon , but investigators have conflicting witness accounts of who fired it , Philadelphia District Attorney Lynne Abraham said . No charges have been filed in the April 28 shooting and the investigation remains open . Bruce Smith - the NFL 's career sacks leader - Rod Woodson , Shannon Sharpe and John Randle are among the 15 finalists for induction into the Pro Football Hall of Fame , the only first-year eligible players to make the final round this year . Joining them will be two contributors - former commissioner Paul Tagliabue and Buffalo Bills owner Ralph Wilson - as well as two senior nominees selected last August by the Senior Committee - former Atlanta defensive end Claude Humphrey and former Dallas wide receiver Bob Hayes . Between four and seven candidates will be elected in the balloting that will take place on Jan. 31 , the day before the Super Bowl . A former New England Patriots lineman and high school football coach in Walpole , Mass. , has been released on bail as he awaits trial on charges he raped a 15-year-old girl . Daniel Villa posted $ 7,500 ( U.S. ) bail yesterday and was fitted for an electronic monitoring bracelet . The conditions of Villa 's bail include staying away from children under 16 .

35_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article charger - jamal - williams - arrested - on - suspicion - of - dui Charger Jamal Williams arrested on suspicion of DUI February 5 , 2009 For the second time in less than a month , a member of the San Diego Chargers has been arrested on suspicion of drunk driving . According to the California Highway Patrol , defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving last weekend on a freeway outside downtown . Williams , who was booked into county jail and later released on bail , did give a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test . However the results have not yet been divulged . Just last month , wide receiver Vincent Jackson , who was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , was pulled over for investigation of DUI . That arrest was just five days prior to the team's second - round playoff loss at Pittsburgh . In a statement released by the team , General Manager A . J . Smith noted , "It's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Jamal Williams . We'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . The Chargers have always been leaders and positive contributors to our community . We take our stature in the community very seriously . " While everyone is human , this appears to be yet another case of a professional athlete not using the matter that is provided to all of us between our ears . With more and more professional athletes making news these days , and oftentimes not for the right reasons , it is no wonder many people have trouble relating with the pros . Salaries that the common man generally doesn't see and an attitude of not caring in many cases is just part of the problem . While Williams and Jackson are presumed innocent , hopefully both of them learn a lesson . At the end of the day , their alleged actions not only impact them , but that family of four , the couple out on a date , or the guy returning home from his work shift . When you get behind the wheel of your car drunk , you could ruin more than just your life .

35_5ecb.xml
CHARGERS ' RECEIVER ARRESTED San Diego Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested yesterday on suspicion of drunken driving . Jackson failed sobriety tests shortly after 2 a.m. local time on state Route 52 , California Highway Patrol Officer Ray Scheidnes said . Jackson was on probation for a previous similar arrest , he said . Jackson , in a statement released through the NFL team , said he did n't think charges would be filed against him . `` In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence , '' he said .

35_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . zimbio . com Jamal+Williams articles 6 Chargers+Jamal+Williams+Arrested+DUI Chargers ’ Jamal Williams Arrested For DUI on February 4 , 2009 Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested early Sunday for suspicions of driving under the influence . Williams was pulled over by the California Highway Patrol for speeding in a San Diego freeway . He was given a blood alcohol test but the results have not been revealed . He was taken to the County jail where he was booked and released on bail . According to authorities , he was driving his Bentley at about 1 : 00 am Sunday on highway 94 when the cops stopped him . This is the second DUI related arrest for the team . Earlier this year , star receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for drunk driving a few days before their play - off game .

35_6ecb.xml
Chargers ' Jackson arrested on suspicion of DUI Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested early yesterday on suspicion of drunken driving . Jackson failed sobriety tests shortly after 2 a.m. on state Route 52 in San Diego , said California Highway Patrol Officer Ray Scheidnes . He said he did n't know Jackson 's blood alcohol level . Jackson was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , Highway Patrol Officer Brad Baehr said . He was taken to the San Diego County jail and released .

35_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . cbs8 . com story 10120887 city - attorney - weighs - filing - dui - charges - against - chargers - jamal - williams ? redirected=true City Attorney Weighs Filing DUI Charges Against Chargers' Jamal Williams Posted : Apr 02 , 2009 11 : 06 PM CEST Updated : Apr 02 , 2009 11 : 06 PM CEST The City Attorney's Office was considering today whether to file misdemeanor drunken - driving charges against Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams . Williams , 32 , was arrested around 1 : 30 a . m . Feb . 1 on state Route 94 on suspicion of drunken driving . Results from a blood - alcohol test administered when Williams was arrested were released Wednesday , showing a level of 0 . 07 percent - - just under the state legal limit of 0 . 08 percent , California Highway Patrol Officer Brian Pennings told The San Diego Union - Tribune . He said the blood was drawn well after Williams' arrest , meaning he could have been intoxicated when when officers pulled him over for speeding in his 2008 Bentley . City Attorney spokeswoman Gina Coburn told the Union - Tribune the case remains under review and is being investigated further .

35_7ecb.xml
San Diego 's Jackson is arrested on suspicion of drunk driving He allegedly fails sobriety tests after being stopped on San Diego freeway . He releases statement saying he doubts charges will be filed and looks forward to proving his innocence . San Diego Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of drunk driving . Jackson failed sobriety tests shortly after 2 a.m. on State Route 52 in San Diego , a California Highway Patrol officer said . Jackson , whose blood-alcohol level was unknown , was on probation for a previous DUI arrest . The player was taken to the San Diego County Jail and released . Chargers General Manager A.J. Smith said he was aware of Jackson 's `` off-the-field issue . '' Jackson , in a statement released through the team , said he did n't think charges would be filed against him . `` In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence , '' he said .

35_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . tsn . ca mma story ? id=265672 CHARGERS' WILLIAMS ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF DUI 2 3 2009 5 : 59 : 13 PM San Diego Chargers defensive tackle Jamal Williams was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving , the team's second such arrest in less than a month . Williams was pulled over for speeding early Sunday on a freeway outside the city's downtown area , the California Highway Patrol said . Williams gave a blood sample for a blood - alcohol test , but the results were not yet known . Williams was booked into county jail and later released on bail . The City Attorney's office said the case hadn't been submitted as of Tuesday . Chargers general manager A . J . Smith did not return a call . Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested for investigation of DUI on Jan . 6 , five days before San Diego's playoff loss at Pittsburgh . Jackson is due in court Feb . 17 . He was on probation for a previous DUI arrest , the California Highway Patrol said . Williams , an 11 - year veteran , shared the team's most valuable player award with quarterback Philip Rivers this season . The Chargers reached the playoffs with an 8 - 8 record .

35_8ecb.xml
Chargers ' Jackson arrested on suspicion of DUI San Diego Chargers wide receiver Vincent Jackson was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence early Tuesday morning . According to the San Diego Union-Tribune , Jackson was pulled over on state Route 52 just past 2:30 a.m. in the Clairemont section of San Diego , following an observed traffic violation . He was booked and later released . Jackson could be facing misdemeanors on the alleged DUI itself in addition to violating probation for a prior DUI charge . Jackson released a statement through the team later Tuesday . `` Yesterday I was stopped by an officer . I do n't think any charges will be filed as a result of the stop . In the event they are , I look forward to clearing my name and proving my innocence . '' A fourth-year pro out of Northern Colorado , Jackson enjoyed a breakout year for the Chargers this season . He set career-highs of 59 receptions , 1,098 yards and seven touchdowns . San Diego knocked off the Indianapolis Colts , 23-17 , in last Saturday 's AFC Wild Card matchup after posting a 52-21 thumping over division rival Denver in a regular season finale that decided the AFC West champion . The Chargers are getting set to take on the Pittsburgh Steelers Sunday in an AFC Divisional playoff tilt .

35_8ecbplus.xml
http : eatdrinkandsleepfootball . com blog 2009 02 chargers _ jamal _ williams _ arrested _ for _ dui . html Chargers Jamal Williams arrested for DUI In the steeped NFL tradition of drinking and driving , Chargers NT Jamal Williams is doing his part to uphold the tradition . Of course , football is the ultimate team game and fellow Charger Vincent Jackson was arrested last month for DUI as well . Although results are pending for the blood - alcohol test that Williams took , he has been booked and later released on bail . While I make fun of a topic that definitely isn't funny , I still don't understand how these players with their multi - million dollar salaries don't hire drivers or car services .

35_9ecb.xml
SAN Diego Chargers receiver Vincent Jackson has been arrested on suspicion of drink- driving five days before a key NFL playoff game . Police arested him in San Diego at 2.30am and booked him before releasing him . The Chargers are due to meet Pittsburgh Steelers in a playoff match on Sunday . Victory in that game would see them meet either Tennessee or Baltimore for a spot in next month 's Super Bowl . Jackson is enjoying the best of his four NFL seasons in the current campaign with 59 catches for 1098 yards and seven touchdowns . `` We 're aware of the off-the-field issue involving Vincent , '' Chargers general manager AJ Butler said in a statement . `` Obviously we 're disappointed . We take these issues very seriously . Moving forward , we will monitor the situation . ''

35_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcsandiego . com news sports Hey - Jamal - Williams - Hire - a - Driver . html Hey , Jamal Williams : Hire a Driver ! Thursday , Apr 2 , 2009 | Updated 1 : 32 PM PDT The City Attorney's Office is considering whether to file misdemeanor drunk - driving charges against Chargers defensive lineman Jamal Williams . Williams , 32 , was pulled over for speeding in his Bentley on State Route 94 around 1 : 30 a . m . on February 1 , but was arrested on suspicion of drunk driving . He had refused a Breathalyzer test and was given a blood - alcohol test instead . The results from the test were released Wednesday and showed a level of 0 . 07 percent - - just under the California legal limit of 0 . 08 percent . CHP Officer Brian Pennings said that the blood had been drawn well after Williams' arrest , meaning he could have been intoxicated when officers had pulled him over . City Attorney spokeswoman Gina Coburn said the case remains under review and is being investigated further .

