36_10ecbplus.xml
http : blogs . vancouversun . com 2008 07 23 polygamist - prophet - warren - jeffs - charged - again Polygamist prophet Warren Jeffs charged againJuly 23 , 2008 . 4 : 49 pm Seven indictments , nine charges and six leaders of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints now face trial in Texas . Among them is FLDS prophet Warren Jeffs , who has already been convicted in Utah on two counts of being an accomplice to the rape of a 14 - year - old girl and is now awaiting trial on similar charges in Arizona . The FLDS also has followers living in Bountiful , B . C . Bountiful has been the object of scrutiny by the RCMP and the B . C . attorney general since 2004 . A special prosecutor , Terry Robertson , was appointed in June to determine whether charges should be laid . The Texas grand jury heard evidence collected during the April raid on the Eldorado compound that resulted in more than 400 women and children being taken into protective custody . They were later allowed to return to the compound after a Texas appeal court ruled that the child protection officials had overstepped their legal boundaries . The grand jury also heard testimony from at least four FLDS women including prophet Warren Jeffs's 16 - year - old daughter who her father placed into a religious marriage to an older man when she was just 15 . The Texas charge against Jeffs is a first - degree felony count of sexually assaulting an under - aged girl . The other men - none of whom have yet been named - face charges related to sexual assault of under - aged girls and bigamy . Jeffs will not be tried in Texas until he goes to court in Arizona . Matt Smith , the county attorney in Mohave County , Az . said in a press release Wednesday that he had heard about the charges , but "the indictments in Texas do not affect the Arizona case at all . " The Americans have taken a very different approach to the FLDS . In Utah , Arizona and Texas , the main thrust of the investigation has been the sexual abuse of under - aged girls . In British Columbia , Attorney - General Wally Oppal has focused his attention mainly on the Criminal Code offence of polygamy .

36_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . christianpost . com news warren - jeffs - defends - polygamy - during - 55 - minute - speech - 53078 Warren Jeffs Trial : Defends 'Spiritual' Marriage , Polygamy July 29 , 2011|10 : 57 pm Warren Jeffs , leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , who has been silent since his trial began last Thursday , spoke for the first time with the jury present Friday . Jeffs is charged with two counts of sexual assault for raping two under - aged girls and fathering a child with one of the girls . Objecting to the testimony from an FBI agent about documents seized from his church's compound in 2008 , Jeffs delivered a 55 - minute speech arguing that the raid on the church was illegal and that charges brought upon him and other members of the FLDS were unwarranted . "You are now touching that which is sacred . Thus on these grounds we call upon this court to render justice before sacred trust is trampled upon , " Jeffs said during his objection . During the raid of the Yearning for Zion Ranch , executed after a tip that turned out to be a hoax , police witnessed several underage girls who were heavily pregnant . This led to the arrest of Jeffs as well as 11 other men of the FLSD . Thus far , seven men have been tried and convicted of sexual assault and bigamy , among other crimes , and have received sentences of between six and 75 years . Jeffs himself may receive up to 119 - years in prison if convicted . In his testimony on Friday , Jeffs said there was no crime , explaining that he and both girls had a "spiritual" marriage bond . He went on to say that the FLDS must "follow the law set out for it by God . " "If we do not live these laws we are damned here and hereafter . We believe in a marriage system of eternity called celestial marriage , wherein celestial means heavenly authorized , not to be intervened by government intervention , " Jeffs said . Jeffs ended his speech by saying , "Amen . " Jeffs remained completely silent during the first four days of the trial , during which he dismissed his defense team in order to serve as his own defense , and refused to give an opening statement after the judge declined his request for more time to prepare . "Mr . Jeffs , the court is not going to recess these proceeding to let you go to law school , " said U . S . District Judge Barbara Walther . In the meanwhile , special prosecutor for the Texas attorney general's office , Eric Nichols , delivered his opening statement , detailing that he will submit as evidence an audio recording of Jeffs having sex with a 12 - year - old as well as a DNA report confirming Jeffs as the father of a 15 - year - old FLSD member's child . Jeffs remained silent throughout the prosecution's opening statement but interjected repeatedly during Nichol's response to his speech . Judge Walther recessed the court and directed that Jeffs speak with his counsel , who remains available in case they are needed , about proper court decorum . Director of criminal clinics for the Texas Tech School of Law , Patrick Metze , commented on the case , saying Jeffs won't be able to continue the trial without lawyers . "At some point , the judge will have had enough , so it's not going to be a pleasnt experience and she's not just going to let him prophesize , " Metze told the San Angelo Standard Times .

36_1ecb.xml
2 leaders of polygamist group arrested in Canada Two top leaders of a polygamous community in western Canada have been arrested and charged with practicing polygamy , British Columbia 's attorney general said Wednesday Attorney General Wally Oppal said Winston Blackmore is charged with marrying 20 women , while James Oler is accused of marrying two women . `` This has been a very complex issue , '' Oppal said . `` It 's been with us for well over 20 years . '' Blackmore , long known as `` the Bishop of Bountiful , '' runs an independent sect of about 400 members in the town of Bountiful . He once ran the Canadian arm of the Utah-based Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , but was ejected in 2003 by that group 's leader , Warren Jeffs . Oler is the bishop of Bountiful 's FLDS community loyal to Jeffs . Even though many of the town 's residents are related or have same last name , followers of the two leaders are splintered and are not allowed to talk with each other . FLDS members practice polygamy in arranged marriages , a tradition tied to the early theology of the Mormon church . Mormons renounced polygamy in 1890 as a condition of Utah 's statehood . Last June , Oppal appointed a special prosecutor to look into allegations of criminal abuse at Bountiful despite two earlier legal opinions that said it would be difficult to proceed with criminal charges for polygamy itself . Blackmore openly acknowledges having numerous wives and dozens of children but has said his community abhors sexual abuse of children . Oppal said some legal experts believe polygamy charges will not withstand a constitutional challenge in Canada over the issue of freedom of religion . `` I 've always taken the position that 's a valid offense in law , '' Oppal said . `` And if someone says that it 's contrary to their religion , let a judge make that decision . '' The FLDS , with an estimated 10,000 members , is headquartered in Colorado City , Ariz. , and Hildale , Utah . In 1947 , a small group moved just across the border into Lister , British Columbia . The newcomers dubbed the pristine spot at the base of a snowy mountain range Bountiful . Besides an estimated 1,000 Canadians living in Bountiful , the U.S. Embassy estimates there are about 300 Americans there who are loyal to Blackmore and 200 others who follow Jeffs , who is in jail awaiting trial in Arizona on four counts of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor .

36_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . ibtimes . com warren - jeffs - found - guilty - sexual - assault - charges - 823855 Warren Jeffs Found Guilty on Sexual Assault Charges on August 04 2011 5 : 46 PM A San Antonio jury has found polygamist leader Warren Jeffs guilty on both sexual assault charges on Thursday . The 55 - year older leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints was charged with sexual assault of a child after taking a 12 - year old girl and a 15 - year girl as "spiritual wives . " He could be sentenced to up to 119 years in prison . The jury's decision puts an end to a controversial case that saw Jeffs represent himself against the charges . Jeffs largely avoided defending himself during the case , only offering a "I am at peace , " phrase as his closing statement . The jury made its decision on the same day that the prosecution played a tape recording of what it alleged was Jeffs sexually assaulting the 11 - year old girl .

36_2ecb.xml
Polygamy arrests made in Canada Two leaders of polygamous factions in Bountiful , British Columbia , have been arrested , Canadian authorities announced . Jim Oler , 44 , and Winston Blackmore , 52 , have been charged under the criminal code with practicing polygamy , Attorney General Wally Oppal said in a statement . British Columbia 's Royal Canadian Mounted Police have scheduled a news conference this afternoon . The men were arrested this morning , said Sgt. Tim Shields , a media relations officer for the RCMP . The men were arrested this morning , said Sgt. Tim Shields , a media relations officer for the RCMP . Their first court appearance is scheduled for Creston Provincial Court on Jan. 21 . Oler , accused of having two wives , is charged with `` practicing polygamy '' between Nov. 1 , 2004 , and Oct. 8 , 2008 . Blackmore , alleged to have 19 wives , is charged with `` practicing polygamy '' between May 1 , 2005 , and Dec. 8 , 2006 . Oppal said a special prosecution into allegations of criminal misconduct in the community of Bountiful , a self-named community near Creston , led to the arrests . `` The arrests are the culmination of an intensive , seven-month charge assessment review by special prosecutor Terrence Robertson , '' who explored whether the men were in `` a conjungal relationship with more than one individual at a time , '' Oppal said . He stressed the prosecution is independent of the criminal justice branch and the Government of British Columbia , pointing out Robertson is an independent special prosecutor . He declined to comment on the specifics of the case . RCMP officers in Creston began investigating allegations of polygamy and sexual exploitation in Bountiful in the fall of 2005 , Shields said in a statement . The community , with a population of approximately 1,000 , follows the practices of the polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ on Latter Day Saints . That sect 's traditional base is Hildale , Utah and Colorado City , Arizona , but its outposts include the Yearning for Zion Ranch in Eldorado , Texas . Texas officials raided the ranch last April and temporarily removed 439 children . The Canadian investigation focused on the two men in positions of authority , Shields said . It was completed in September 2006 with a report to Crown Counsel , which recommended charges of polygamy and sexual exploitation . A follow-up investigation began in September and uncovered additional evidence supplied to Robertson , the special prosecutor , in November . In early December , he advised the RCMP he had approved one charge of polygamy against the two men . The charges were sworn on Tuesday . The polygamous Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints is led president Warren S. Jeffs , now serving a sentence for being an accomplice to rape for conducting an underage marriage . He faces similar charges in Arizona and Texas . While the doctrine tying plural marriage to exaltation in heaven is rooted in early Mormon theology , the mainstream Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints disavowed polygamy in 1890 . The issue of polygamy has fueled a long debate in Canada . After the initial probe into Bountiful , attorneys said the Canadian government could find no witnesses on sexual-assault allegations because investigators were told that everyone consented to the acts , and allegations of sexual exploitation of young women could not be substantiated .

36_2ecbplus.xml
http : edition . cnn . com 2011 CRIME 08 09 texas . polygamist . jeffs index . html Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs sentenced to life in prison August 10 , 2011 - - Updated 0947 GMT ( 1747 HKT ) Polygamist leader Warren Jeffs was sentenced Tuesday to life in prison plus 20 years for sexually assaulting two girls he claimed were his "spiritual wives . " Jeffs , 55 , will have to spend at least 45 years in prison before being eligible for release , according to Jerry Strickland , spokesman for the Texas Attorney General's office . The jury sentenced Jeffs to life in prison for aggravated sexual assault of a 12 - year - old girl and 20 years in prison for the sexual assault of a 15 - year - old girl . He must serve at least 35 years of the life sentence and half of the other sentence , Strickland said . The judge in the case ordered that the sentences be served consecutively . "Justice has been served , " Jeffs' nephew , Brent Jeffs , told InSession soon after the sentence . He testified during the penalty phase of his uncle's trial that Jeffs raped him when he was 5 years old . "I finally had this day and it was an awesome day in court to be here , involved in all of this , " said Brent Jeffs , now 28 . Jeffs perverted his position as the head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints to "satisfy his own personal appetites and desires , " prosecutor Eric Nichols said . Those appetites included forcing sex on the two girls , 12 and 15 , who he had taken as wives , prosecutors said . Audiotapes seized from his car and the church's Yearning For Zion Ranch compound in Eldorado , Texas , and played for jurors during his trial , depicted Jeffs offering "celestial marriage" instructions to the young wives , according to prosecutors . "You have to know how to be sexually excited and to help each other . . . and you have to be ready for the time I need your comfort , " a man's voice says . "This is your mission . This is how you abide the law . At one point , the man says , "Take your clothes off . Do it right now , " followed by the sounds of crying . "Just don't think about the pain ; you're going to heaven , " the man says . "Rarely if ever in the criminal justice system in Texas have we ever encouraged a person such as Warren Jeffs , whose criminal conduct spans decades , multiple jurisdictions and hundreds of victims , " Nichols said . A former member of the church , Rebecca Musser , said the verdict will not bring back lost innocence . But she said it can help others escape from abuse they may have suffered . "Whether the currency is God or greed , the trafficking of women and children for sex is a form of slavery , " she said . Jeffs is the eighth person from the ranch to be convicted on sexual assault , bigamy and other charges , according to the Texas Attorney General's office . Four others are awaiting trial . Attorney General Greg Abbott said he believes authorities have rooted out the molesters from the ranch , but will continue to monitor the church's activities there . "We have an ongoing open investigation that will evaluate all evidence about any kind of wrongdoing out there at the compound whatsoever , " Abbott said . Jurors came back with the sentence after 30 minutes of deliberations Tuesday . They began their work Tuesday morning following brief closing statements by prosecutor Nichols . Jeffs , who has argued that he and his faith were being persecuted , instructed his attorneys to deliver no closing statement . "This is not the prosecution to persecute a people , this is a prosecution to protect a people , " Nichols told jurors . Jeffs did not attend the closing statement . In addition to tape recordings that the state said depicted sex acts with minors , prosecutors also presented evidence that Jeffs knew he was wanted by federal authorities and that his behavior would be shunned by outsiders . FBI Special Agent John Broadway testified that Jeffs ordered the destruction of various discs and transcripts three days after an arrest warrant was issued for him on June 10 , 2005 . The polygamist sect leader established "houses of hiding , " allegedly with young girls for him to marry , Broadway said . The FBI agent also read from a priesthood record , in which Jeffs allegedly wrote : "Things are happening so quickly . There is an even younger girl that the Lord wants me to take . She is 13 . For some reason the Lord is sending me these girls that can be worked with . " Jeffs also wrote : "If the world knew what I was doing , they would hang me from the highest tree , " according to evidence presented in court . Referring to that comment , prosecutor Nichols said during his closing statement that "Yes , this is Texas . But no , we don't hang convicts anymore from the highest tree , and we don't have the ability to call down the wrath of the Almighty . . . We as a people choose to isolate our worst offenders , to keep them away from their past and future victims . " Jeffs' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10 , 000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of the sect's doctrine .

36_3ecb.xml
B.C. attorney general confirms charges laid against top two polygamist leaders Two top leaders of the controversial polygamous sect in Bountiful , B.C. , have been arrested and charged with practising polygamy . B.C. Attorney General Wally Oppal confirmed that Winston Blackmore and James Oler were arrested Wednesday . Oppal said Blackmore is alleged to be married to 20 women , while Oler is accused of committing polygamy by being married to two women . `` This has been a very complex issue , '' he told The Canadian Press . `` It 's been with us for well over 20 years . The problem has always been the defence of religion has always been raised . '' Oppal said some legal experts have believed that a charge for practising polygamy would n't withstand a Charter of Rights challenge over the issue of freedom of religion . `` I 've always disagreed with that , '' he said . `` I 've always taken the position that 's a valid offence in law . And if someone says that it 's contrary to their religion let a judge make that decision . '' He said he 's pleased a prosecution will proceed , providing some clarity to whether the law will be upheld by the courts . Oppal said in 2005 , when he was appointed attorney general , that he was concerned about the polygamy issue in Bountiful `` because of the exploitation of women and children . '' The community had come under investigation in the past but Oppal said he asked RCMP to reopen the investigation shortly after he was elected . Sgt. Tim Shields told reporters that Creston RCMP began an investigation into allegations of polygamy and sexual exploitation in the fall of 2005 . That investigation was completed in September 2006 and recommendation was made to Crown for charges to be laid . A follow-up investigation began last September and the two men were arrested this morning and taken to the RCMP detachment in Cranbrook , B.C. , Shields said . The men were expected to appear in court Wednesday afternoon . Last June , Oppal appointed a special prosecutor to look into allegations of criminal abuse at Bountiful , saying renewed public concerns compelled him to act . That came despite two earlier legal opinions that it would be difficult to proceed with polygamy charges . Officials at the Mormon Hills School in Bountiful , where Blackmore is the superintendent , said he was arrested Wednesday . About 800 people live in the community in southeastern B.C. , where members of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints practice multiple marriage . The sect is a breakaway offshoot of the Mormon church , which renounced polygamy more than a century ago . Blackmore , who is the leader of one of two groups within the community , openly admits to having numerous wives and dozens of children but has said the community abhors sexual abuse of children . However , Blackmore has refused in previous interviews to discuss allegations that teenaged girls in the community marry older men or that others are sent to polygamous groups in the United States . Oler is the leader of the other group in the community , which has long been divided . The issue of polygamy in British Columbia came up again last year after more than 450 children were apprehended by child-welfare authorities from a sister polygamous community in Texas . At least one of the girls in that case was from Bountiful , refocusing the spotlight on a community that has existed in relative obscurity in B.C. 's Kootenays , not far from the U.S. border . And polygamist leader Warren Jeffs , the sect 's prophet in the U.S. , is behind bars south of the border . He was convicted in Utah as an accomplice to rape and faces trial in Arizona on other charges related to the marriages of members of sect there . After the special prosecutor was announced , Blackmore accused Oppal of religious persecution . `` It can not possibly be about polygamy , '' Blackmore wrote in an email to The Canadian Press last June . `` It must be about his own religious bias and now he wants the Liberal government to persecute some of the citizens that they have an obligation to serve and protect . '' Blackmore has said he has tried to meet with Oppal in the past , but that the attorney general has refused .

36_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2011 08 04 warren - jeffs - polygamist - leader - convicted _ n _ 918915 . html Warren Jeffs , Polygamist Leader , Convicted In Child Sexual Assault Case First Posted : 08 04 11 06 : 44 PM ET Updated : 10 04 11 06 : 12 AM ET A Texas jury convicted polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs of child sexual assault Thursday in a case stemming from two young followers he took as brides in what his church calls "spiritual marriages . " The 55 - year - old head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints stood stone - faced as the verdict was read . Jeffs , who acted as his own attorney , faces up to life in prison . The jury went immediately into sentencing proceedings . They had deliberated on a verdict for more than three hours . Prosecutors used DNA evidence to show Jeffs fathered a child with a 15 - year - old girl and played an audio recording of what they said was him sexually assaulting a 12 - year - old girl . They also played audio recordings in which Jeffs was heard instructing young women on how to please him sexually . Jeffs has claimed he was the victim of religious persecution . The FLDS , which has at least 10 , 000 members nationwide , is a radical offshoot of mainstream Mormonism . The church believes polygamy brings exaltation in heaven and that Jeffs is God's spokesman on earth . Police had raided the group's remote West Texas ranch in April 2008 , finding women dressed in frontier - style dresses and hairdos from the 19th century as well as seeing underage girls who were clearly pregnant . The call to an abuse hotline that spurred the raid turned out to be a hoax , and more than 400 children who had been placed in protective custody were eventually returned to their families . But authorities brought charges against several men from the group , with Jeffs by far the highest - profile defendant . Jeffs stood mute and expressionless , staring at the floor , for all but a few seconds of the half hour he was allotted for a closing argument on Thursday . At one point he mumbled , "I am peace , " and said no more . The only noise in the courtroom was the creaking of wooden benches brimming with spectators . Prosecutors said the case had nothing to do with his church or his beliefs . "You have heard the defendant make repeated arguments about religious freedoms , " said lead prosecutor Eric Nichols . "Make no mistake , this case is not about any people , this case is not about any religion . It is about one individual , Warren Steed Jeffs , and his actions . " Prosecutors relied heavily on information found during the raid on the compound and after a traffic stop in Nevada in 2006 , when Jeffs was arrested . Much of the material was discovered in a vault at the end of a secret passageway in the temple and another vault in an annex building . "You might have asked yourselves , " Nichols said , "a lot of people may ask , why would someone record sex ? . . . This individual considers himself to be the prophet . Everything he did , hour after hour , he was required to keep a record of that . " On one of the tapes played at the trial , Jeffs made a reference to "drawing close" or "being close , " which authorities testified is how church members refer to sex . Two female voices said "OK . " "A good wife is trained for her husband and follows the spirit of peace , " Jeffs was heard saying . Another audio tape included Jeffs and the younger girl from a recording made in August 2006 at the Texas compound , according to testimony from Nick Hanna , a Texas Ranger involved in the 2008 raid . Played in court , it was difficult to decipher , but Jeffs' and a female voice are heard . He says , "I perform this service in the name of Jesus Christ , Amen , " then mentions the alleged victim by name . When she says something , he responds , "don't talk while praying . " Several minutes of heavy breathing followed . The jury wore headphones to better hear the recording and also followed a transcript . One female juror covered her face with her hand as she listened . Jeffs represented himself after firing seven attorneys in the six months leading to the trial . He broke his courtroom silence with an objection marked by a nearly hourlong speech defending polygamy , and twice threatened the judge and the court with warnings of punishment from God . He refused to cross - examine the state's witnesses , and delayed giving an opening statement until he began presenting his own defense . In that statement , he evoked images of the civil rights movement and mentioned former Mormon leader Joseph Smith Jr . He also asked the jury to remember constitutional guarantees of religious freedom . The lone defense witness Jeffs called , church elder JD Roundy , spent about 10 minutes on the stand Thursday discussing FLDS history after 4 . 5 hours of testimony Wednesday evening . Jeffs failed three times to remove state District Judge Barbara Walther from the case , the last rejection coming even without a hearing . He claimed Walther was biased because she issued the warrant for the original raid and was frequently updated as it progressed . Eleven other FLDS men were charged with crimes including sexual assault and bigamy . All seven of those who have been prosecuted were convicted , receiving prison sentences of between six and 75 years .

36_4ecb.xml
Canadian authorities filed charges on Wednesday against the leader of a group that openly practices polygamy in British Columbia and has links to U.S. polygamist communities , local media reported . Winston Blackmore and another member of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ( FLDS ) were arrested for violating a little-used law against polygamy , the Vancouver Sun reported on its website , citing court documents . Prosecutors and police refused to comment on the reports , but have scheduled a news conference in Vancouver to discuss legal action involving two people from the religious community in Bountiful , British Columbia . Blackmore , 52 , was not available for comment . The FLDS , an offshoot of the mainstream Mormon Church , also has communities in the United States , where its leader and self-proclaimed prophet , Warren Jeffs , has been convicted on charges of forcing underage women to marry older men . British Columbia Attorney General Wally Oppal appointed a special prosecutor in June to investigate laying charges against the FLDS , which is believed to have about 700 members living in southeastern British Columbia . Oppal had to use a special prosecutor because the province 's regular prosecution service had been openly reluctant to press polygamy charges on the grounds that the law might be ruled unconstitutional as a violation of religious rights . Blackmore has challenged authorities in the past to file charges against him , and has denied any criminal wrongdoing within the community .

36_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . deseretnews . com article 700167816 Texas - jury - hears - Warren - Jeffs - sex - tapes - despite - FLDS - leaders - objections . html ? pg=all Texas jury hears Warren Jeffs sex tapes despite FLDS leader's objections Published : Tuesday , Aug . 2 2011 7 : 08 p . m . MDT Prosecutors Tuesday put on the most shocking evidence yet in the trial of Warren Jeffs , who is charged with sexually assaulting underage girls . Prosecutors played two audio recordings of Jeffs instructing his 14 - year - old "spiritual wife" and several other young women on how to please him sexually , and thus win favor with God . Jeffs seemed determined to halt the trial , and the judge repeatedly warned him to stop talking and sit down - even threatened to kick him out of his own trial . Once the jury had headphones and started listening to a recording , Jeffs repeatedly objected , interrupting the recording many times . On the tape , Jeffs' voice drones on for well over two hours , using Biblical language and sometimes speaking in the voice of God , counseling a number of his plural wives to perform what he calls the "ordinance of heavenly comfort . " He promises they will feel the all - consuming fire of heaven , and by giving comfort to their husband , they will be touching God . The recordings were part of the mountain of documents seized in a law enforcement raid in 2008 . On the recording , there are many long minutes in which it's hard to make out exactly what's happening . But it seems to include sounds of fumbling with clothing , sobbing , flushing of toilets . At one point Jeffs tells the girls or women , "You have to know how to be excited sexually . You have to be able to assist each other . " It all ends with prayers and supposed revelations from God , and Jeffs himself singing a hymn . Jeffs , 55 , is head of the Utah - based Fundamentalist LDS Church , which believes polygamy brings exaltation in heaven . He is accused of sexually assaulting two girls , ages 12 and 15 , he took as brides in what his church calls "spiritual marriages . " A forensic analyst testified Monday that Jeffs was the father of the 15 - year - old's child . On Tuesday , prosecutors also played a tape of Jeffs talking to the girl when she was 14 , after Texas Ranger Nick Hanna testified about documents and electronic files seized during a 2008 police raid at the church's remote compound in West Texas . Among the materials recovered during the raid was a record of Jeffs' marriage "for time and all eternity" with the 14 - year - old in January 2004 . An excerpt from hundreds of pages of Jeffs' personal journals said the child was "pure and innocent and willing to obey" and that he summoned her parents and "informed them of their girl belonging to me . " Followers see Jeffs as a prophet who is God's spokesman on earth . Hanna read from Jeffs' journals , which said he took the 14 - year - old the night after their wedding with him and another of his new wives on a car ride for "training . " There , he instructed them on their responsibilities as his wives and had the session taped . The recording was transcribed and placed in church records later seized by police . Lead prosecutor Eric Nichols played the tape for jurors , who followed along using transcripts . "A good wife is trained for her husband and follows the spirit of peace , " Jeffs is heard saying . He also makes reference to "drawing close" or "being close , " which is how church members refer to sex . Two female voices say "OK . " In describing the session in his journal later , Jeffs said he told his wives they were "honorable vessels , property of your husband's kingdom and the Kingdom of God on Earth . " Jeffs has represented himself since firing his high - powered attorneys last week . Later , Nichols played a 58 - minute clip of another so - called training session from December 2004 , this one involving what he described as 12 "young" ladies , including the one from the first recording . Jeffs stood up and talked over it , rambling about how a holy trust was being broken . "I am but a mortal man seeking peace , " he said . "I am not a threat to anyone . My faith is my only weapon . " Prosecutors have promised to play still another recording - this one of Jeffs having sex with the 12 - year - old girl - before resting their case . Nichols told Walther they would do so at the end of a court session that stretched late into Tuesday night . Before the recordings , Hanna read excerpts of Jeffs' journal where he described the Lord ordering him to visit Eldorado , Texas , about 45 miles south of San Angelo , and the church purchasing 1 , 700 acres of land outside the town for $1 . 2 million in 2003 . "This will only be a place of refuge if it is kept sacred and secret , " Jeffs wrote , adding that his followers should populate the area and let "a community grow here more in hiding before the neighbors find out . " He told the faithful they could build anything they wanted , thanks to Texas' lax zoning laws , and construction teams working around - the - clock erected more than a dozen buildings , including a sprawling , white - limestone temple . Texas authorities raided the compound in April 2008 after receiving a call to an abuse hotline that turned out to be a hoax . More than 400 FLDS children who were placed in protective custody were eventually returned to their families . But police saw underage girls who were clearly pregnant and found Jeffs' journals and the other documents in a vault at the end of a secret passageway in the temple . Another vault in an annex building provided still more records and files . Jeffs and 11 other FLDS men were charged with crimes including sexual assault and bigamy . So far , all seven who have been prosecuted have been convicted , receiving prison sentences of between six and 75 years .

36_5ecb.xml
Two leaders in the polygamous community of Bountiful , B.C. , have been charged with practising polygamy under the Criminal Code . Winston Blackmore , 52 , and James Oler , 44 , were arrested by RCMP on Tuesday , Attorney General Wally Oppal said at a news conference Wednesday . Oler is the bishop of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , while Blackmore is the former FLDS bishop who was ousted in 2002 after a power struggle with the sect 's prophet Warren Jeffs . The two men were to appear in court Wednesday after an `` intensive '' seven-month investigation , Oppal said . `` Mr. Blackmore it is alleged that he has committed polygamy with approximately 20 people , '' Oppal said . `` And as far as Oler is concerned it is alleged that he has committed polygamy with two women . '' Blackmore has been charged with `` practising polygamy '' on May 1 , 2005 and Oler has been charged with the same crime on Nov. 1 , 2004 , according to provincial court files . `` I am pleased a prosecution will be proceeding , as it will provide legal clarity as to the constitutionality of section 293 of the Criminal Code ( concerning polygamy ) , '' Oppal said in a statement . News of the charges was welcomed by Audrey Vance , co-chair of Altering Destiny Through Education , which is based in Creston , B.C. , not far from Bountiful . Vance has lobbied for charges against Bountiful residents . `` We all know this is a cult and we have to do something to address this because in Canada women do have equal rights , '' she said in an interview Wednesday . Blackmore , who has had 26 wives and more than 100 children , is outspoken in his belief that the Charter of Rights and Freedoms protects his religious practice of polygamy - a tenet that was set out by Mormonism 's founder Joseph Smith , but was denounced by the mainstream church in 1890 . At a polygamy summit in 2006 , Blackmore admitted that he had had `` several '' very young `` wives '' including one who was under 16 . He repeated that when he was interviewed by CNN 's Larry King . Blackmore lost his role as the Bountiful bishop after his disagreement with Jeffs , the church 's prophet who has been convicted of being an accomplice to the rape of a minor in Utah and is currently in jail in Arizona facing similar charges there . Jeffs and other senior FLDS members have also been charged in Texas with offences related to the so-called `` spiritual marriages '' to under-aged girls . Blackmore now leads a breakaway group that lives in the southeastern corner of B.C. and is the head of the Mormon Hills School Society , which runs a government-funded , independent school . Over the years , Blackmore amassed a multi-million-dollar business empire that included a post-and-pole company , logging operations and a large farm . Little is known about Oler , a mechanic . He has never spoken to the media and there are few photos of him . However , people within the community have confirmed that Oler has at least three wives , several of whom were in their teens when they were assigned to him in placement marriages by Jeffs .

36_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . csmonitor . com USA Justice 2011 0809 Prophet - to - pedophile - Polygamist - Warren - Jeffs - sentenced - to - life - in - prison Prophet to pedophile : Polygamist Warren Jeffs sentenced to life in prison Warren Jeffs , leader of the polygamist FLDS religious sect , was sentenced to life in prison in Texas , convicted of sexually assaulting two girls , aged 15 and 12 , that he claimed as his 'brides . ' August 9 , 2011 Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs was sentenced to life in a Texas prison on Tuesday following his conviction on charges that he sexually assaulted two young girls he claimed as "brides . " The sentencing at state district court in San Angelo brings to a conclusion an often bizarre trial that pitted a self - proclaimed religious prophet against state prosecutors seeking to expose Mr . Jeffs as a pedophile . After the sentence was announced , Prosecutor Eric Nichols said Jeffs had "corrupted and perverted" his position of authority and the religious convictions of his own community to victimize women and children "to satisfy his own appetites and desires . " Prosecutors charged that the 55 - year - old sect leader sexually assaulted two girls , ages 12 and 15 , by arranging illegal marriages under the guise of his religious beliefs . They presented a DNA report that showed that Jeffs had fathered a child with the 15 year old . Prosecutors also played an audio recording of Jeffs allegedly engaging in sexual intercourse with the 12 - year - old . The recording was seized when Jeffs was arrested in 2006 . Jeffs is the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( FLDS ) . The sect is unaffiliated with the mainstream Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , also known as the Mormon church . An estimated 10 , 000 FLDS followers live in communities in Utah , Arizona , and Texas . They believe polygamy is a means to gain divine acceptance . Jeffs is believed to have 78 wives , 24 of them under age 17 , according to prosecutors . Rather than focus on Jeffs's multiple marriages , prosecutors with the Texas Attorney General's Office presented a case based on alleged violations of the laws of consent in Texas . Twelve - and 15 - year - old girls are not old enough to consent to engage in sexual activities . Under Texas law , any sexual activity between an adult and an under - 17 - year - old is a sexual assault even if the minor is a willing participant . The same activity with an under - 14 - year - old is aggravated sexual assault punishable by up to life in prison . During the penalty phase of the case , prosecutors played an audio tape of Jeffs allegedly preparing five other young girls to have sex with him . He encouraged his "child brides" to set aside all their inhibitions . Prosecutors also showed jurors a page from one of Jeffs's personal journals . The 2005 entry says : "If the world knew what I was doing , they would hang me from the highest tree . " Jeffs became leader of the FLDS upon the death of his father in 2002 . Jeffs claimed the prosecution was a form of persecution targeting his religious beliefs . Prior to the trial he fired seven lawyers , and ultimately tried to represent himself . Trial observers said he often paused for long periods of silence before resuming . At one point , rather than present a closing statement , he stood motionless and silent before the jury . Jeffs boycotted most of the penalty phase of his trial . He was represented by stand - by counsel , appointed by Judge Barbara Walther . The case against Jeffs stemmed from documents recovered in an April 2008 raid on the FDLS compound near Eldorado , Texas . Prosecutors also introduced evidence seized from a vehicle when Jeffs was arrested as a fugitive in 2006 . At one point he was listed on the FBI's Top Ten Wanted list . After his arrest , Jeffs stood trial and was convicted in Utah for his role in allegedly arranging marriages among his followers . He was found guilty , but the conviction was overturned on appeal . Jeffs was sentenced to life in prison for his assault on the 12 - year - old . He received a 20 - year sentence for the assault on the 15 - year - old . The two sentences are to be served consecutively . In addition to Jeffs , seven other elder members of the FLDS sect have been convicted in Texas trials or pleaded guilty . They have received sentences ranging from six to 75 years . Four more FLDS members are awaiting trial .

36_6ecb.xml
Bountiful polygamous leaders charged RCMP Sgt. Tim Shields and Attorney-General Wally Oppal announced Wednesday that the RCMP arrested two Bountiful residents , Winston K. Blackmore , 52 , and James Oler , 44 , on charges of polygamy . The arrests are the culmination of the most recent seven-month charge assessment review by special prosecutor Terrence Robertson . Shields said both Oler and Blackmore were arrested Wednesday morning without incident by eight plainclothes RCMP officers in unmarked vehicles . Both men are currently in the Cranbrook RCMP detachment lockup , but are expected to be released once they appear before a justice of the peace Wednesday afternoon . The polygamy charge against Blackmore involves 20 individuals , while the charge against Oler involves only two . Blackmore leads about half the Bountiful commune , while Oler leads the other half . Last June , Oppal hired Robertson to investigate whether charges should be laid against the openly polygamist members of the Bountiful commune , where older men routinely are married , legally and common-law , to much younger women . Oppal instructed B.C. 's Criminal Justice Branch to review the latest developments in an ongoing police investigation and reconsider criminal charges , after two previous prosecutors warned such charges could trigger a Charter challenge based on freedom of religion . Oppal has stated his intention to punish any transgressions of laws to protect children . Blackmore recently accused Oppal of religious persecution for pursuing the police investigation .

36_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . ctvnews . ca warren - jeffs - convicted - of - child - sexual - assault - charges - 1 . 679524 Warren Jeffs convicted of child sexual assault charges Published Thursday , August 4 , 2011 5 : 55PM EDT A Texas jury convicted polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs of child sexual assault Thursday in a case stemming from two young followers he took as brides in what his church calls "spiritual marriages . " The 55 - year - old head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints stood stone - faced as the verdict was read . Jeffs , who acted as his own attorney , faces up to life in prison . The jury went immediately into sentencing proceedings . They had deliberated on a verdict for more than three hours . Police had raided the group's remote West Texas ranch in April 2008 , finding women dressed in frontier - style dresses and hairdos from the 19th century as well as seeing underage girls who were clearly pregnant . The call to an abuse hotline that spurred the raid turned out to be a hoax , and more than 400 children who had been placed in protective custody were eventually returned to their families . But authorities brought charges against several men from the group , with Jeffs by far the highest - profile defendant . Prosecutors used DNA evidence to show Jeffs fathered a child with a 15 - year - old girl and played an audio recording of what they said was him sexually assaulting a 12 - year - old girl . They also played audio recordings in which Jeffs was heard instructing young women on how to please him sexually . Jeffs has claimed he was the victim of religious persecution . The FLDS , which has at least 10 , 000 members nationwide , is a radical offshoot of mainstream Mormonism . The church believes polygamy brings exaltation in heaven and that Jeffs is God's spokesman on earth . Jeffs stood mute and expressionless , staring at the floor , for all but a few seconds of the half hour he was allotted for a closing argument on Thursday . At one point he mumbled , "I am peace , " and said no more . The only noise in the courtroom was the creaking of wooden benches brimming with spectators . Prosecutors said the case had nothing to do with his church or his beliefs . "You have heard the defendant make repeated arguments about religious freedoms , " said lead prosecutor Eric Nichols . "Make no mistake , this case is not about any people , this case is not about any religion . It is about one individual , Warren Steed Jeffs , and his actions . " Prosecutors relied heavily on information found during the raid on the compound and after a traffic stop in Nevada in 2006 , when Jeffs was arrested . Much of the material was discovered in a vault at the end of a secret passageway in the temple and another vault in an annex building . "You might have asked yourselves , " Nichols said , "a lot of people may ask , why would someone record sex ? . . . This individual considers himself to be the prophet . Everything he did , hour after hour , he was required to keep a record of that . " On one of the tapes played at the trial , Jeffs made a reference to "drawing close" or "being close , " which authorities testified is how church members refer to sex . Two female voices said "OK . " "A good wife is trained for her husband and follows the spirit of peace , " Jeffs was heard saying . Another audio tape included Jeffs and the younger girl from a recording made in August 2006 at the Texas compound , according to testimony from Nick Hanna , a Texas Ranger involved in the 2008 raid . Played in court , it was difficult to decipher , but Jeffs' and a female voice are heard . He says , "I perform this service in the name of Jesus Christ , Amen , " then mentions the alleged victim by name . When she says something , he responds , "don't talk while praying . " Several minutes of heavy breathing followed . The jury wore headphones to better hear the recording and also followed a transcript . One female juror covered her face with her hand as she listened . Jeffs represented himself after firing seven attorneys in the six months leading to the trial . He broke his courtroom silence with an objection marked by a nearly hourlong speech defending polygamy , and twice threatened the judge and the court with warnings of punishment from God . He refused to cross - examine the state's witnesses , and delayed giving an opening statement until he began presenting his own defence . In that statement , he evoked images of the civil rights movement and mentioned former Mormon leader Joseph Smith Jr . He also asked the jury to remember constitutional guarantees of religious freedom . The lone defence witness Jeffs called , church elder JD Roundy , spent about 10 minutes on the stand Thursday discussing FLDS history after 4 1 2 hours of testimony Wednesday evening . Jeffs failed three times to remove state District Judge Barbara Walther from the case , the last rejection coming even without a hearing . He claimed Walther was biased because she issued the warrant for the original raid and was frequently updated as it progressed . Eleven other FLDS men were charged with crimes including sexual assault and bigamy . All seven of those who have been prosecuted were convicted , receiving prison sentences of between six and 75 years .

36_7ecb.xml
RCMP MAKE ARRESTS IN BC POLYGAMOUS COMMUNITY POLICE HAVE MOVED IN AND ARRESTED AT LEAST TWO MEN FROM THE RELIGIOUS COMMUNITY OF BOUNTIFUL IN THE BC INTERIOR . BC ATTORNEY GENERAL WALLY OPAL ISSUED A STATEMENT TODAY SAYING THAT TWO MEN , WINSTON BLACKMORE AND JAMES OLER , HAD BEEN ARRESTED `` ON CHARGES OF POLYGAMY PURSUANT TO THE CRIMINAL CODE . '' OPAL SAYS THE ARRESTS ARE THE PRODUCT OF A SEVEN-MONTH CHARGE ASSESSMENT REVIEW BY SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TERRENCE ROBERTSON . OPAL POINTS OUT THAT THIS PROSECUTION IS INDEPENDENT OF BOTH THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE BRANCH AND THE BC GOVERNMENT . CRITICS HAVE SAID IT WOULD BE DIFFICULT TO PURSUE POLYGAMY CHARGES AGAINST MEMBERS OF BOUNTIFUL FOR FEAR THAT CRIMINAL PROSECUTION COULD VIOLATE THEIR RELIGIOUS FREEDOMS .

36_7ecbplus.xml
http : content . time . com time nation article 0 , 8599 , 2016785 , 00 . html The Polygamist Prophet : One Step Closer to a Texas Court Wednesday , Sept . 08 , 2010 The appearance was brief , perhaps two or three minutes , but the presence of Warren Jeffs in a Salt Lake City area courtroom this week revealed a man who has changed in the four years since his arrest . The man who was once on the FBI's Most Wanted List looked thinner , his hair , now close - cropped , dusted with gray , and he wore a pair of frameless glasses that seemed to emphasize his most distinctive feature , his wide , compelling eyes . Jeffs has reportedly suffered from illness brought on by extended periods of prayer and fasting . But the brief courtroom hearing with its mundane talk of calendars and hearings also brought the sometime "prophet" of a Utah - based polygamist sect one step closer to a Texas courtroom to face allegations of sexual assault and bigamy - perhaps law enforcement's best avenue to keep him behind bars . Jeffs and 11 members of his Fundamentalist Church of the Latter Day Saints ( FLDS ) were charged in 2008 by Texas authorities with a variety of felony charges , from bigamy to child abuse , following a raid on the group's Yearning for Zion Ranch in tiny Eldorado , Texas . Seven of the men have been convicted and have received sentences ranging from 7 to 75 years ; another goes on trial this month . Jerry Strickland , a spokesman for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott told TIME : "Whenever Warren Jeffs is brought to Texas , we stand ready to try him on felony charges returned by a Schleicher County grand jury . " ( Will Texas have better luck with Warren Jeffs ? ) Jeffs' defense team's efforts to fight extradition are a "big long shot , " according to Clifford Rosky , a criminal law professor at the University of Utah . "He is going to be extradited - it's a matter of weeks , not months , " Rosky says . On Tuesday , Jeffs refused to sign the waiver of extradition - a move his legal team had hinted would happen after Utah's Gov . Gary Herbert accepted the extradition request by Texas Gov . Rick Perry last month . The wrangling over his extradition will continue at a Nov . 15 hearing when it is likely Jeffs' legal team will argue he should remain in Utah until charges against him in that state are either dropped or reinstated . ( See a multi - media look at families excommunicated by Warren Jeffs . ) In August , the Utah Supreme Court tossed out a 2008 conviction in state court that found Jeffs was an accomplice to rape after he performed a marriage between Elissa Wall , 14 , and her then 19 - year - old first cousin , Allen G . Steed . Jeffs remains in Utah prison so far , while state government is asking its high court to reconsider its ruling . Prosecutors , however , have been mum on whether they will retry Jeffs . "We don't need him here right now , " Utah Assistant Attorney General Craig Barlow said , urging the court to move forward on the Texas extradition . Texas prosecutors need only prove the target of their arrest warrant is the real Warren Jeffs and that their charges are based on some reasonable belief that a crime occurred . During the raid on the FLDS ranch , Texas Rangers removed numerous boxes of records and computers . Later , the state assembled a detailed DNA map of the 401 children removed by child protective services from the ranch , plus samples from some of their parents who agreed to testing to reclaim their children . Among the evidence was a 2006 photograph marked "anniversary" that shows Jeffs kissing a 12 - year - old girl . The photo , according to FLDS detractors depicts an abusive underage marriage , while supporters claim it is just a record of a symbolic kiss marking a spiritual marriage aimed at strengthening bonds between families . But the photo is likely to be evidence in Jeffs' Texas trial , the sort of evidence that eluded Utah prosecutors . Meanwhile , Schleicher County Sheriff David Doran says his 15 - bed jail is ready for Jeffs whenever he arrives in the small West Texas town of Eldorado . The man who spent three months eluding the FBI in 2006 also could be housed in nearby San Angelo , a city of some 88 , 000 residents compared to El Dorado's 1 , 800 . Law enforcement continues to view him as flight risk . Tuesday's hearing was delayed as attorneys and prosecutors argued . Prosecutors wanted him in prison clothes and handcuffed , defense attorneys argued he should appear unshackled in civilian clothes . The judge split the baby and Jeffs appeared in a suit , a white shirt that looked a little large in the collar , and his hands cuffed as if in prayer . As he appeared a dozen male members of the FLDS community in the courtroom audience stood and smiled at their former leader . "He is holding up great . He is doing just fine . He is very appreciative of the Utah Supreme Court's decision . He is a prayerful man and he feels , and the people who support Mr . Jeffs believe , that their prayers were answered , " Jeffs' attorney Walter F . Bugden told the Salt Lake Tribune . "He is a little thin , he is a little thin . He could use some fattening up . "

36_8ecb.xml
Polygamous leaders arrested in Canada , ordered to surrender passports Two leaders of polygamous groups with ties to Utah have been arrested in Canada , charged with practicing polygamy . One of the wives of former Fundamentalist LDS Church leader Winston Blackmore confirmed his arrest Wednesday . `` It 's for polygamy , '' she said , declining to give her name but telling the Deseret News she was one of Blackmore 's wives . She also said FLDS bishop Jim Oler was also arrested . The criminal charges were filed Tuesday in Creston , British Columbia . In Canada , polygamy is illegal . The Royal Canadian Mounted Police said they began their investigation in 2005 and revisited it earlier this year after a special prosecutor recommended charges . The prosecutor recommended polygamy and sexual exploitation charges but British Columbia attorney general Wally Oppal opted to only pursue polygamy charges , noting that Blackmore has 20 wives and Oler has two . `` The defendants should raise any constitutional issues , '' Oppal said , in response to questions about polygamists ' religious freedoms claims . Oppal denied that the prosecution was political , despite the former attorney general for British Columbia and several special prosecutors declining to pursue charges against anyone in the fundamentalist enclave of Bountiful . Both Blackmore and Oler were to be released from RCMP custody late Wednesday pending a future court appearance . They were ordered by a judge to surrender their passports , check in with RCMP authorities , not leave British Columbia and perform no `` celestial marriages , '' said RCMP Sgt. Tim Shields . A spokesman for the FLDS Church did not immediately return a call seeking comment . News of the charges stunned many . `` I 'm shocked . I really am , '' said Mary Batchelor , the director of the Utah-based pro-polygamy group Principle Voices . `` I 'm amazed they are actually doing that . '' Batchelor said she had been in contact with some of Blackmore 's wives , whom she said were understandably upset . Blackmore was a bishop in the Utah-based FLDS Church until he was excommunicated in 2002 . The fundamentalists who live in Bountiful , British Columbia , split with some following Blackmore and others remaining in the FLDS Church led by Warren Jeffs . Oler was a bishop in Bountiful , the FLDS enclave there . The attorney general of British Columbia has been probing the polygamous communities on allegations of sex abuse , human trafficking and forced marriages . Several special prosecutors were appointed to give opinions on prosecuting polygamy laws in Canada . In an e-mail to the Deseret News in 2006 , Blackmore acknowledged being the subject of a Canadian police inquiry . `` Since we are not hiding we are not hard to find , '' he wrote . `` It is hard to think that Canada , the home of free lovers and legalized same-sex marriages , not to mention legal wife-swapping clubs , could waste their time on people who live like we do . ''

36_8ecbplus.xml
http : content . time . com time nation article 0 , 8599 , 1996250 , 00 . html The Strange Legal Trip of Polygamist Warren Jeffs Saturday , June 12 , 2010 Five years ago , Warren Jeffs was charged with sex crimes resulting from the polygamous marriages he arranged for his followers in the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints ( FLDS ) . Jeffs then began a circular journey through the jailhouses and courtrooms of the west . This week , the self - styled prophet awoke to the promise of a change of scenery - but not a change of fortune . An Arizona judge dismissed the original charges against Jeffs , the very charges that had catapulted him into national headlines . But the dismissal has only cleared the way for Texas authorities to get their hands on him to face even more serious charges . "Extradition proceedings against Warren Jeffs have commenced , " Lauri Saathoff , a spokesperson for Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott told TIME . Jeffs has already spent more time in an Arizona county jail cell than he would have spent in prison if found guilty of the original charges : arranging and performing marriages between two underage girls and their older male relatives , thus being an accomplice to sexual misconduct with minors . The prosecutor in the case said the two victims no longer wanted to pursue the charges , making a prosecution impractical . Jeffs' attorney , Mike Picarretta , hinted at "irregularities" and said the cases would have been dropped years ago had they involved someone less well - known than his client . But he doesn't face imminent release . Arizona had put its charges on hold while Jeffs was prosecuted in Utah on similar charges . In September 2007 a Utah jury found him guilty of two counts of being an accomplice to rape by performing a marriage involving an underage girl . He was given two five - years - to - life terms , moved to Utah state prison and then back to Arizona to await trial on the charges in that state . Now Texas wants him . State officials are not revealing when Jeffs , 54 , will be moved , but Mohave County Sheriff Tom Sheahan is under Arizona court orders to act speedily . The sheriff says he hopes Jeffs will be out of his jail by this week's end . "He's been a problem inmate since we had him , " Sheahan told the San Angelo ( Texas ) Standard - Times . "Mr . Jeffs was a handful from day one with his self - inflicted hunger strikes . " Jeffs served as president and prophet of the Fundamentalist Church of the Jesus Christ of the Latter Day Saints after his father , Rulon Jeffs , died in 2002 . In June 2005 , days after being indicted in Arizona on the charges of being an accomplice to sexual conduct with a minor , Jeffs fled the Colorado City , Arizona , area , home to a large FLDS community . A warrant was issued for his arrest and he was placed on the FBI's 10 Most Wanted list . Fourteen months later , he was arrested outside Las Vegas , Nevada , and began his journey from court to court and jail to jail . Jeffs' defenders claim he is a victim of religious persecution . He has spent much of his time in jail talking about his faith , fasting and praying . Tall , slender , with a wide - eyed gaze that seems to compel allegiance among his FLDS followers , Jeffs is a calm presence in court , but his life behind bars has been more tumultuous . Ill from fasting , his knees bleeding and sore from prolonged prayer sessions , he has been hospitalized and force - fed several times . He has also been inconsistently penitent . "I am one of the most wicked men on the face of the earth since the days of Father Adam , " Jeffs can be heard saying on a tape recorded by authorities at the Purgatory Jail in St . George , Utah . Still , Jeffs' attorneys are pledging to fight extradition and also have an appeal of the Utah case pending before the state supreme court . They also may seek a new trial based on recently uncovered evidence - now under investigation by the Utah Attorney General's Office - that some medical records in the trial may not have been original documents , but reconstructed ones . Jeffs' legal team says the Utah case must be resolved before their client is moved to Texas . The ordeal also has been difficult for his alleged victims , says Roger Hoole , an attorney for Elissa Wall and Susie Barlow , former FLDS members and child brides . "They have been reviled . They are hated and they have been scapegoated" in the FLDS community , Hoole told TIME . The FLDS communities in northern Arizona and southern Utah have strong , deep roots to the region going back to the mid - 19th century . Many families bear the same name - evidence of generations of intermarriage - and former FLDS members say communal wealth is used by the leadership to maintain power and punish . Witnesses have refused to testify in the cases against Jeffs . Texas prosecutors have sidestepped that problem by using genetic evidence and extensive church documents seized during an April , 2008 raid at the FLDS Yearning for Zion Ranch in West Texas . Jeffs was indicted in July , 2008 , by a Schleicher County grand jury in Eldorado , Texas , home to the YFZ Ranch . The state authorities removed more than 400 children from the ranch , plus boxes of evidence , some of which purport to show Jeffs kissing child brides . He is facing charges of aggravated sexual assault , sexual assault and bigamy charges which could result in at least one life sentence . If extradited , he will join 12 other FLDS defendants charged with similar offenses . In a steady march beginning last October , five FLDS members have been convicted of felonies and received sentences ranging from seven to 75 years . A sixth trial is just getting under way in the small Eldorado courthouse and six more men await trail - seven if Jeffs finds himself in a West Texas jail .

36_9ecb.xml
2 polygamous leaders arrested in Canada The leader of a polygamous communtity in western Canada who has admitted having numerous wives and dozens of children was arrested Wednesday and charged with practicing polygamy , according to court documents and local officials . Winston Blackmore , long known as the Bishop of Bountiful , runs an independent sect of about 400 in Bountiful , British Columbia . Blackmore once ran the Canadian arm of the Utah-based Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints , but was ejected from the sect in 2003 by its leader , Warren Jeffs . Last June , British Columbia Attorney General Wally Oppal appointed a special prosecutor to look into allegations of criminal abuse at Bountiful , despite two earlier legal opinions that said it would be difficult to proceed with criminal charges for polygamy itself . Blackmore openly admits to having numerous wives and dozens of children but has said the community abhors sexual abuse of children . According to a court document filed in nearby Creston , Winston Blackmore is facing a charge of practicing polygamy . Officials at the Mormon Hills School in the community , where Blackmore is the superintendent , said he was arrested Wednesday .

36_9ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news nation 2010 - 12 - 01 - warren - jeffs - arraigned _ N . htm Warren Jeffs arraigned in Texas on sex charges Updated 12 2 2010 1 : 31 AM Polygamist sect leader Warren Jeffs was quietly extradited from Utah to Texas , where he was arraigned Wednesday to face trial on bigamy and sexual assault charges . Jeffs , who was indicted more than two years ago , appeared during a brief hearing in San Angelo wearing glasses , orange jail pants and a gray sweat shirt , Texas Attorney General's Office spokesman Jerry Strickland said . The 54 - year - old Jeffs was not asked to enter a plea and spoke only to tell he judge that he needed more time to find a lawyer , Strickland said . Texas authorities have charged the ecclesiastical head of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints with felony bigamy , aggravated sexual assault and assault . Prosecutors plan to try the charges separately , with the first trial scheduled to begin Jan . 24 . The charges stem from the 2008 raid of the Yearning For Zion Ranch in Eldorado , where authorities seized more than 400 children and placed them in state custody on suspicion that the girls were being sexually abused and the boys were being raised to be sexual predators . Most of the children were eventually returned to their families , but several men in the sect who see Jeffs as their spiritual leader were charged with child sexual assault and abuse . On Wednesday , Jeffs was in the same courtroom where several members of his church were convicted . He was brought to Texas a day earlier from Utah , where he was convicted in a case stemming from the marriage of an underage girl to her cousin . That conviction was overturned in 2007 . A phone message left with Jeffs' attorneys in Utah was not returned Wednesday . Willie Jessop , a spokesman for the church , declined immediate comment . Jeffs is being held without bond at a jail outside San Angelo in West Texas . During the hearing , District Judge Barbara Walther read Jeffs the indictment and asked if he understood the charges . He declined to sign a scheduling order that laid out the dates of his court appearances , Strickland said . Strickland called the jail choice an issue of "security . " He did not elaborate , but noted that prosecutors were not approaching the case differently because of Jeffs' high profile . "When you have sexual assault of a child , it doesn't matter who you are , " Strickland said . Utah Department of Corrections spokesman Steve Gehrke said Wednesday that prison officials transported Jeffs to the Salt Lake City airport Tuesday and turned him over to Texas law enforcement . A Texas Ranger and an officer from the Attorney General's Office went to Utah to pick up Jeffs and flew with him back to Texas , Strickland said . Jeffs' defense attorneys in Utah had opposed the extradition , arguing that sending Jeffs to Texas before a long - running criminal case in Utah was resolved would deny him the right to a speedy trial . But the Utah Supreme Court ruled Nov . 23 that it would not block the transfer . Jeffs had been held at the Utah State Prison since his arrest , and eventual conviction , on two charges of rape as an accomplice for his role in the 2001 marriage of an underage follower - then 14 - to her 19 - year - old cousin . In July , the Utah Supreme overturned the 2007 convictions . Prosecutors there have yet to decide whether they'll retry Jeffs .

