37_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . news . com . au world - news magnitude - quake - strikes - indonesias - aceh - province - in - region - hit - by - 2004 - tsunami story - fndir2ev - 1226673361487 6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh province in region hit by 2004 tsunami July 03 , 2013 6 : 22AM AN EARTHQUAKE killed six children and left 14 others trapped when a mosque collapsed during a Koran reading session in Indonesia's Aceh province , bringing the confirmed death toll from the disaster to 11 . The strong 6 . 1 - magnitude quake left hundreds more injured as it rocked a region that was devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 . The earthquake reduced houses in parts of Aceh to rubble , set off several landslides and badly damaged roads . Rescuers were struggling to find the children still trapped after the mosque collapse in Blang Mancung village , Central Aceh district . "Our search and rescue teams are struggling to evacuate an estimated 14 children still trapped under the rubble , '' said Subhan Sahara , the head of the local disaster management agency . "I hope they can be found alive but the chances are very slim , '' he added , explaining they were reading the Koran together when the quake struck . The quake , which hit at a shallow depth of just 10 kilometres , injured more than 200 people and damaged more than 300 houses in Aceh , said national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho . As police and military personnel struggled to reach affected areas late Tuesday , there were two aftershocks of more than 5 . 0 magnitude . In a village in Bener Meriah district , one man was killed when a landslide engulfed a coffee plantation , said disaster agency official Fauzi . "A man was working at a coffee plantation with his wife when a landslide caused by the quake struck . His body was found under a pile of earth soon afterwards , '' he said , adding that his wife and another woman were missing at the site . Another four people died in hospitals in the district from injuries sustained in the quake , he said . One of the fatalities was a child who died when a wall collapsed , said Ema Suryani , a doctor at a health clinic in Lampahan city in the district . "We have received around 50 people with injuries sustained when the walls of their houses collapsed , '' added the doctor . "There are around 30 people seriously injured , some with head injuries . The rest have only light injuries like minor cuts and grazes . '' Injured people had been transported from several affected villages in two trucks , she said . People ran outside in Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses , and in Medan city to the south of the province on Sumatra island . "The quake was felt strongly for around 15 seconds , from Bener Meriah to Banda Aceh . People panicked and rushed out of their homes , '' said national disaster agency spokesman Nugroho . Aceh , on the northern tip of Sumatra , is regularly hit by quakes . In 2004 a massive tremor sparked a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean . In April last year an 8 . 6 - magnitude quake struck 431 kilometres off Banda Aceh , prompting an Indian Ocean - wide tsunami alert . Five people died and seven were injured in Aceh in the quake and following aftershocks . In September 2009 a major earthquake near Padang city on Sumatra killed more than 1000 people . Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire'' where tectonic plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity .

37_11ecbplus.xml
http : english . ahram . org . eg NewsContent 2 9 75470 World International magnitude - quake - strikes - Indonesias - Aceh - USGS . aspx 6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh : USGS A powerful 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck the Indonesian province of Aceh with no tsunami warning issued AFP , Tuesday 2 Jul 2013 A strong 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck the northwestern Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday , the US Geological Survey said , sending people running into the streets in panic . There were no immediate reports of damage after the quake struck inland at a depth of just 10 kilometres ( 6 . 2 miles ) , 55 kilometres south of Bireun and 72 kilometres southeast of Reuleuet , said the USGS . People ran out of buildings in panic in the provincial capital Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses for around one minute , an AFP journalist at the scene said . But the USGS estimated there was a low likelihood of casualties or damage . A massive quake struck off Aceh in 2004 , sparking a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province on Sumatra and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean . Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" where continental plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity .

37_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . ibtimes . com earthquake - magnitude - 61 - strikes - indonesias - aceh - province - killing - one - 1330883 Earthquake Of Magnitude 6 . 1 Strikes Indonesia's Aceh Province Killing One on July 02 2013 7 : 41 AM A magnitude - 6 . 1 earthquake struck Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday at 07 : 37 a . m . UTC ( 3 : 37 a . m . EDT ) , killing at least one and leaving two others missing , the Associated Press reported . The epicenter of the quake , which originated six miles beneath the surface , was located 34 miles west of the town of Bireun , near the western coast of Sumatra island , according to the U . S . Geological Survey . No tsunami warnings were issued following the quake , which injured dozens and damaged several houses in Takengon , the capital of Central Aceh district , AP reported . People ran out of their homes when the quake hit , AP reported , citing residents of Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , where the quake has led to a power outage . "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " a Bukit Sama village resident told AP . "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " Indonesia is prone to seismic activity , due to its location on the Pacific Basin's "Ring of Fire , " a 25 , 000 - mile - long stretch where earthquakes are common , although only a small percentage are strong enough to be felt . The 2004 tsunami that killed about 230 , 000 people across Asia was triggered by a massive 9 . 1 - magnitude quake off Aceh .

37_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . thehindu . com news international world strong - earthquake - hits - indonesias - aceh - province article4873164 . ece INDONESIA , July 2 , 2013 Updated : July 2 , 2013 15 : 01 IST Strong earthquake hits Indonesia's Aceh province A strong earthquake struck off Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday , damaging houses and injuring at least five people . The U . S . Geological Survey said the magnitude 6 . 1 quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) and its epicenter was located 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) west of the town of Bireun on the western tip of Sumatra island . At least five people were reportedly injured and 10 houses were damaged in Takengon , the capital of Central Aceh district , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency . "I see many houses were damages and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district . "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " She said many people in the village ran out from their houses in panic and screamed for help . At least two houses were totally flattened , she said , adding that the quake also caused blackout in the village . Indonesia is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Ocean . In 2004 , a huge earthquake off Aceh triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people across Asia .

37_14ecbplus.xml
http : www . sunstar . com . ph breaking - news 2013 07 02 magnitude - 61 - quake - hits - indonesia - 1 - dead - 290335 Magnitude - 6 . 1 quake hits Indonesia ; 1 dead Tuesday , July 2 , 2013 A strong earthquake struck Indonesia's Aceh province on Tuesday , killing at least one person and leaving two others missing . Many houses were damaged and dozens of villagers were injured . The magnitude - 6 . 1 quake struck at a depth of just 10 kilometers ( six miles ) and its epicenter was located 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) west of the town of Bireun on the western tip of Sumatra island , the US Geological Survey said . The worst - hit area was the district of Bener Meriah , where the quake caused a landslide that killed a man and left his wife and a young boy missing , said Fauzi , an official of the local disaster agency . "Dozens of people were injured and are being treated at three hospitals , " said Fauzi , who like many Indonesians uses a single name . He said at least 22 houses were badly damaged in the district . At least five people were reportedly injured and 10 houses were damaged in Takengon , the capital of Central Aceh district , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency . "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 - year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district . "Many people were injured , but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " She said people in the village ran out from their houses in panic and screamed for help . At least two homes were totally flattened , she said , adding that the quake also caused a blackout in the village . The quake also caused panic among officials attending a meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation in Medan , the capital of neighboring North Sumatra province . The officials were escorted from the second - floor meeting room by security officers . Indonesia is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Ocean . In 2004 , a huge earthquake off Aceh triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people across Asia .

37_1ecb.xml
Indonesia 's West Papua province was hit by a magnitude 6.1 earthquake today , the latest powerful tremor to shake the region where five people were killed and hundreds injured at the weekend when buildings were destroyed . The quake struck off the coast at 7:48 a.m. local time , 75 kilometers ( 50 miles ) west of the region 's main city of Manokwari , the U.S. Geological Survey said in an alert . There were no immediate reports of damage or casualties and no tsunami alert was issued . A United Nations assessment team was dispatched to the province after two quakes , measuring 7.6 and 7.4 , struck west of Manokwari Jan. 4 . At least five people were killed , 250 others injured and more than 800 homes destroyed by those temblors , according to the UN . About 14,000 people fled their homes at the weekend after a local tsunami warning was issued , the UN said on its Web site . The Indonesian government has transported relief supplies , including food , medicine , tarpaulins , generators and water purification equipment to the affected areas . Two three-story hotels in Manokwari , a city of 160,000 people , collapsed in the Jan. 4 quakes and buildings were also damaged in the town of Sorong , according to the World Health Organization . Manokwari 's Rendai Airport was also temporarily closed on security and safety concerns , the WHO said . Indonesia lies in a zone where the Indo-Australian , Eurasian , Philippine and Pacific plates meet and occasionally shift , causing earthquakes and sometimes generating tsunamis . There have been hundreds of earthquakes in Indonesia since a 9.1 temblor in 2004 caused a tsunami that swept across the Indian Ocean , devastating coastal communities and leaving more than 220,000 people dead in Indonesia , Sri Lanka , India , Thailand and other countries .

37_1ecbplus.xml
http : newsinfo . inquirer . net 437067 dozens - injured - child - dead - as - quake - hits - indonesias - aceh Five dead , dozens injured in Indonesia quake Tuesday , July 2nd , 2013 A powerful earthquake in Indonesia's Aceh province flattened buildings and sparked landslides Tuesday , killing at least five people and injuring dozens in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 . The 6 . 1 - magnitude quake struck inland at a depth of just 10 kilometers in the mountainous Bener Meriah district in the heart of Aceh , the US Geological Survey said . It destroyed houses in the district , some 320 kilometers from the provincial capital Banda Aceh , and triggered several landslides . Police and troops were deployed to lead rescue efforts , as pictures showed the walls of houses reduced to rubble and roads badly damaged and blocked by landslips . Five people had so far been confirmed dead in the quake , Fauzi , an official from the local disaster agency , told AFP late Tuesday . In Suka Makmur village a landslide engulfed a coffee plantation , killing one man , said the official who uses one name . "A man was working at a coffee plantation with his wife when a landslide caused by the quake struck , " he said . "His body was found under a pile of earth soon afterwards , " he said , adding that his wife and another woman were missing at the site . Four other people died in hospitals in the district from injuries sustained in the quake , he said . One of the fatalities was a child who died when a wall collapsed , Ema Suryani , a doctor at a health clinic in Lampahan city in the district , told AFP . "We have received around 50 people with injuries sustained when the walls of their houses collapsed , " added the doctor . "There are around 30 people seriously injured , some with head injuries . The rest have only light injuries like minor cuts and grazes . " Injured people had been transported from several affected villages in two trucks , she said . Around 40 houses were damaged by the quake , including some which were flattened , said disaster agency official Fauzi . Most of the damaged houses were in the Wih Pesam area of the district , he added . People ran outside in panic in Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses , and in Medan city to the south of the province on Sumatra island . "The quake was felt strongly for around 15 seconds , from Bener Meriah to Banda Aceh . People panicked and rushed out of their homes , " national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said . Aceh , on the northern tip of Sumatra , is regularly hit by quakes . In 2004 a massive tremor sparked a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean . In April last year an 8 . 6 - magnitude quake struck 431 kilometres off Banda Aceh , prompting an Indian Ocean - wide tsunami alert . Five people died and seven were injured in Aceh in the quake and following aftershocks . In September 2009 a major earthquake near Padang city on Sumatra killed more than 1 , 000 people . Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" where tectonic plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity .

37_2ecb.xml
A strong earthquake rattled Indonesia 's West Papua province Wednesday just days after a powerful quake levelled buildings and killed one person , the United States Geological Survey said . The 6.1-magnitude quake was the latest in a series of dozens of powerful tremors to have hit the region since 7.6 and 7.5 magnitude quakes that struck off the provincial capital Manokwari on Sunday . Wednesday 's shallow quake hit at 7 : 48 am ( 2248 GMT Tuesday ) just off the coast , some 75 kilometres ( 50 miles ) west of Manokwari . Officials had been put on alert to deal with more devastation to the area -- where thousands of people have been living in tents since Sunday 's quakes -- but no damage or injuries had been reported , provincial disaster chief Rahimin Kacong was quoted by AFP as saying . The quake was accompanied by smaller quakes with a magnitude over 5.0 off Kupang in East Nusa Tenggara Province and Ternate in North Maluku province , Indonesia 's seismological agency said . Around 14,000 people flooded into camps on high ground in the aftermath of Sunday 's quakes fearing deadly waves after authorities issued and then withdrew a tsunami alert . Many refugees have returned home but some remain too fearful to go back Kacong said . `` We already told people to return to their houses following the meteorological office report saying that the frequency of aftershocks has reduced , '' he said . Hundreds of government and private buildings have been damaged by the Sunday quakes , as well as seven bridges , two of which have collapsed . The tremors have re-awakened bitter memories of similar deadly quakes that hit Manokwari in 2002 , as well as the Asian tsunami that killed 168,000 people in Indonesia 's Aceh province and Nias island in 2004 .

37_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . presstv . com detail 2013 07 02 311886 strong - earthquake - hits - indonesia 6 . 1 - magnitude quake strikes Indonesia's Aceh province Tue Jul 2 , 2013 1 : 28PM GMT A powerful 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake strikes the northern Indonesian province of Aceh , killing at least three people and injuring dozens more across the affected region . According to the US Geological Survey , the quake hit at a depth of 10 kilometers ( 6 miles ) in the Northern Province of Aceh . The epicenter was situated 55 kilometers ( 34 miles ) west of the town of Bireun on the western tip of Sumatra Island . Eyewitnesses and local residents say many homes and properties have collapsed or been damaged . "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said Bensu Elianita , a 22 year - old resident in Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , adding , "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " On April 20 , a 6 . 4 - magnitude earthquake jolted Indonesia's Maluku , but caused no casualties or material damage . On April 6 , an earthquake measuring 7 . 2 on the Richter scale struck eastern Indonesia's mountainous West Papua province . Indonesia is vulnerable to earthquakes since it is located on the Pacific Ring of Fire , a region known for its seismic and volcanic activity caused by friction between shifting tectonic plates . Last year , a 6 . 4 - magnitude quake rocked the west coast of Sumatra Island , killing at least one person . An 8 . 7 - magnitude earthquake also hit off the city of Banda Aceh in Sumatra Island in May 2012 , triggering regional tsunami alerts . A strong quake off the shores of Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people in 13 countries around the Indian Ocean in 2004 .

37_3ecb.xml
THOUSANDS of frightened residents flooded makeshift refugee camps in Indonesia 's West Papua province today after two powerful earthquakes flattened buildings and killed at least one person . Residents camped out in yards and streets outside their homes , and there were some 14,000 refugees across the province , many of whom had fled to higher ground , officials said . `` For the time being there are 14,000 refugees , '' Governor Abraham Atururi said , adding that 17 camps had been set up for the displaced in the provincial capital Manokwari . As aid started to arrive , hundreds of aftershocks continued to rattle the coastal city which was hit by the 7.6 and 7.5 magnitude quakes early on Sunday , cutting power and prompting a brief tsunami warning . Atururi said a 10-year-old girl was killed and at least 40 people were injured in the earthquakes , which rekindled bitter memories of similar deadly quakes that hit the town in 2002 . Hundreds of government and private buildings were damaged in the quake , as well as seven bridges , two of which collapsed , he said . Four central government ministers arrived by plane bringing 1.5 billion rupiah ( $ A195,900 ) in aid and to survey the damage , officials said . Two tonnes of medicine was also flown in by the health ministry to Manokwari 's airport . In Manokwari , many residents were camping outside their homes , but thousands from low-lying areas refused to leave camps on higher ground out of fear of a tsunami . `` I 'm half-dead in my tent . I want to go home but I 'm scared of a tsunami , '' said fisherman 's wife Mapahai , 35 , who fled with her husband and six children . `` Two of my children are sick , I 'm also sick . We have n't received any medicine yet , '' she said . Indonesia 's Meteorology and Geophysics Agency ( BMG ) said Papua had been hit by 842 aftershocks over a period of 29 hours after the first quake , including 54 aftershocks stronger than five on the Richter scale . `` It keeps on shaking , '' Papua BMG spokesman Mujahidin said . Some 168,000 people were killed in Indonesia 's Aceh province and Nias island by the 2004 Asian tsunami , making it the worst hit country .

37_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . independent . co . uk news world asia indonesia - earthquake - 24 - dead - and - over - 200 - injured - as - 61 - magnitude - quake - hits - aceh - province - 8684832 . html Indonesia earthquake : 24 dead and over 200 injured as 6 . 1 magnitude quake hits Aceh province WEDNESDAY 03 JULY 2013 Soldiers and police are leading rescue operations in Indonesia after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Aceh province leaving 24 dead and over 200 injured . The quake struck yesterday afternoon at a depth of just six miles and was centred on the far western tip of Sumatra island in Aceh province . Twelve people were killed and 70 others were injured by a landslide or collapsing buildings in Bener Meriah district , said Sutopo Purwo Nugroho of the National Disaster Mitigation Agency . In neighbouring Central Aceh district , 10 people were killed , 140 were injured and about 1 , 500 houses and buildings were damaged , Nugroho said . The quake also triggered landslides and caused hundreds of people to be evacuated to 10 temporary shelters . Another two people are also reported to have been killed , although it has not been stated where . Nugroho told Agence - France Presse : "We have recorded 24 people dead and 249 people injured" , adding that more than 300 buildings have been damaged in the quake . Rescuers and other assistance teams have arrived in Bener Meriah , while the air force have dispatched a helicopter and a CN - 235 aircraft to the region , Nugroho said . "We are now concentrating on searching for people who may be trapped under the rubble , " said Rusli M . Saleh , the deputy district chief of Bener Meriah . He said at least 25 of the injured in his district were hospitalised in intensive care . As the quake hit , villagers in the area ran out of their homes in panic and screamed for help . "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " Bensu Elianita , a 22 - year - old resident of Bukit Sama village in Central Aceh district , said shortly after the quake hit . "Many people were injured , but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " The quake also caused concern among officials attending a meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation forum in Medan , the capital of neighboring North Sumatra province . They were escorted from the second - floor meeting room by security officers . Indonesia is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Ocean . In 2004 , a magnitude - 9 . 1 earthquake off Aceh triggered a tsunami that killed 230 , 000 people in 14 countries .

37_4ecb.xml
A series of powerful earthquakes has shaken Indonesia 's remote eastern province of Papua , briefly triggering fears of a tsunami , officials have said . A young girl was killed and dozens of others were seriously injured in the quakes , which also sent small tsunamis into Japan 's southeastern coast . Panicked residents fled to higher ground as the first earthquake measuring 7.6 magnitude struck on Sunday about 135 kilometers from the main city of Manokwari , according to the US Geological Survey . Power supplies were cut and commercial flights were cancelled after cracks appeared on the runway of the city 's airport . Hengky Tewu , a hospital director , said a 10-year-old girl was killed at home when a wall collapsed and crushed her head . At least 50 people were hospitalised for broken bones and head wounds while 300 others were given outpatient treatment , Henri Sembiring a local health official , said . One of the tremors with a 7.3 magnitude was felt 1,300 kilometers away in northern Australia , but no damage was reported . Indonesia 's National Disaster Coordination Agency said about 135 homes and other buildings were badly damaged or toppled in the quakes . Residents in Manokwari - a jumble of low-lying brick and cement structures home to 167,000 people - remained wary of aftershocks , with many staying outdoors in case fresh tremors caused more buildings to collapse . The Indonesian health ministry and World Vision Indonesia , a relief agency , have said they will be sending in aid teams and emergency kits including canned food , blankets and basic medical supplies . Papua , located about 2,955 kilometers east of the country 's capital , Jakarta , is among the nation 's least developed areas . In December 2004 , a massive undersea quake off the western Indonesian province of Aceh triggered a giant tsunami that left at least 230,000 people dead and missing in a dozen countries facing the Indian Ocean . Indonesia straddles a chain of fault lines and volcanoes known as the Pacific `` ring of fire '' and is prone to seismic activity .

37_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . ndtv . com article world dozens - injured - child - dead - as - 6 - 1 - magnitude - earthquake - hits - indonesia - s - aceh - 386911 Dozens injured , child dead as 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake hits Indonesia's Aceh Updated : July 02 , 2013 15 : 50 IST A 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake which hit the Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday killed a child , injured dozens and destroyed buildings , sparking panic in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 . The quake struck inland at 0737 GMT at a depth of just 10 kilometres ( 6 . 2 miles ) in the mountainous Bener Meriah district in the heart of Aceh , the US Geological Survey said . Houses collapsed in the district , some 320 kilometres ( 200 miles ) from the provincial capital Banda Aceh . "A child died when a wall collapsed , " Ema Suryani , a doctor at a health clinic in Lampahan city , told AFP . "We have received around 50 people with injuries suffered when the walls of their houses collapsed , " added the doctor . "There are around 30 people seriously injured , some with head injuries . The rest have only light injuries like minor cuts and grazes . " Injured people had been transported from several affected villages in two trucks , she said . People ran outside in panic in Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses , and in Medan city to the south of Aceh province on Sumatra island . "The quake was felt strongly for around 15 seconds , from Bener Meriah to Banda Aceh . People panicked and rushed out of their homes , " national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said . Aceh , on the northern tip of Sumatra , is regularly hit by quakes . In 2004 a massive tremor sparked a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean . In April last year an 8 . 6 - magnitude quake struck 431 kilometres off Banda Aceh , prompting an Indian Ocean - wide tsunami alert . Five people died and seven were injured in Aceh in the quake and following aftershocks . In September 2009 , a major earthquake near Padang city on Sumatra killed more than 1 , 000 people . Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" where tectonic plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity .

37_5ecb.xml
The powerful quakes in Papua in easternmost of Indonesia on Sunday have led over 14,000 people taking shelters in tents , destroyed hundreds of buildings , killed one person and injured dozens others , local disaster management agency said on Monday . Head of the agency Captain Manrosan , who goes with a single name like many Indonesian , told Xinhua by phone from Manokwari of Papua 's main city that eight people had suffered from serious injury and 261 other got minor injury . Manrosan said that the 7.7 magnitude quake damaged 42 government office buildings , 2 roads , 14 hotels , over 1,600 houses , 40 religious building including churches and mosques , 8 bridges , and 4 school buildings . `` Up to the midday Monday , the latest data of the fatality is only one person , '' he said , ruling out speculation about the rumor of several deaths . The Manokwari Hospital said that most of those seriously wounded now were treated at an emergency unit at the hospital . `` Most of them have broken bones , caused by the smashed of the debris of the buildings , '' Doctor Sokal Pirg of the unit told Xinhua by phone from the hospital . Evacuees still lived in tents and relatives ' houses which were at higher grounds and far from sea for fear of possible tsunami , said Manrosan . The quake has totally stop electricity supply at the city , but now some of them have resumed , said Manrosan . The quake , with epicenter was about 85 miles ( 135 kilometers ) from Manokwari and occurred at a depth of 22 miles ( 35 kilometers ) , is followed by tremors , triggering fears among the displaced persons to return homes . `` We are still scared of further strong quakes , '' said Nora Nursita , a resident at Manokwari , over phone . Aids for the victims have been delivered from the local administration and Jakarta , said Manrosan . Up to Monday , tremors keep shaking Papua , particularly Manokwari city which is home by over 170,000 people . Indonesian have recently launched an early tsunami warning system across the country to prevent a repeat of the 2004 's massive death caused by tsunami . The catastrophe four years ago devastated Indian Ocean community and killed more than 230,000 people , over 170,000 of them in Aceh at northern tip of Sumatra Island of Indonesia . Indonesia , with over 230 million population and 17,000 islands , sits at a vulnerable zone so called `` the Pacific Ring of Fire '' where two continental plates , stretching from the Western Hemisphere through Japan and Southeast Asia , meet that cause frequent volcanic movements .

37_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . indianexpress . com news dozens - injured - as - 6 . 1magnitude - quake - hits - indonesias - aceh 1136656 Dozens injured as 6 . 1 - magnitude quake hits Indonesia's Aceh Tue Jul 02 2013 , 14 : 58 hrs A strong 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake struck Indonesia's northwestern province of Aceh today , causing buildings to collapse and injuring at least 50 people . The quake hit inland at 0737 GMT at a depth of just 10 kilometres , 55 kilometres south of Bireun and 72 kilometres southeast of Reuleuet , the US Geological Survey said . "We have received around 50 people with injuries suffered when the walls of their houses collapsed , " Ema Suryani , a doctor at a health clinic in Lampahan city , Bener Meriah district , told AFP . "The injuries vary from open wounds to broken bones . " Injured people had been transported from several affected villages in two trucks , she said . People also ran out of buildings in panic in the provincial capital Banda Aceh as the quake shook houses for around one minute , an AFP journalist at the scene said . A massive quake struck off Aceh in 2004 , sparking a tsunami that killed 170 , 000 people in the province on Sumatra and tens of thousands more in countries around the Indian Ocean . Indonesia sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire" where continental plates collide , causing frequent seismic and volcanic activity .

37_6ecb.xml
A series of powerful earthquakes rocked Manokwari , the capital of West Papua , on Sunday , killing four people , injuring dozens and destroying hundreds of buildings . One 7.3-magnitude tremor was felt as far away as Australia and sent small tsunamis into Japan 's southeastern coast , the Associated Press reported . The first quake , magnitude 7.6 , struck at 4:43 a.m. local time about 135 kilometers from Manokwari at a depth of 35 kilometers , the U.S. Geological Survey said . Dozens of aftershocks followed . At least four people died in Papua , where the runway of the airport nearest the epicenter was split by the force , President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono told reporters . `` I 've instructed emergency steps be taken to help our brothers and to restore power and other vital utilities , '' Yudhoyono said . Among the dead was a 10-year-old girl , identified as Yolanda Mandofi , whose head was crushed , said local hospital director Hengky Tewu . `` Our ambulances are picking up two more , '' he said . Another 19 patients at the hospital were treated for broken bones , cuts , crush wounds and other injuries . Papua police chief Maj. Gen. Bagus Ekodanto said he had received reports that a hotel and a rice warehouse had been `` destroyed '' , but he did not know if anyone had been killed in the incidences . A search for victims was under way . Several stories of the Mutiara Hotel in the main city Manokwari collapsed , said Ina , a nurse at a navy hospital , adding that she had already treated 20 quake victims . The quakes also reportedly damaged the Kalidingin hotel . Electricity was cut off to the coastal city of population 167,000 , where people fled their homes in the dark fearing a tsunami , said Hasim Rumatiga , a local health official . The quakes forced thousands of people to take refuge , including in military fields in the city , said Manokwari Military Commander Col. Inf. Irham Waroiham . About 1,000 residents had taken shelter in a military field , 500 in a navy field , 500 in the yard of the Manokwari regent office and 7,000 others in Masni district , which lies just outside of Manokwari city . The Meteorology and Geophysics Agency had issued a tsunami alert , but it was revoked within an hour after it was determined the epicenter of the main quake had been within the mainland . Quakes centered well within the mainland do not pose the threat of a tsunami to Indonesia , but can still spread large waves to neighboring countries , such as Japan . Japan 's Meteorological Agency said tsunamis 10 to 40 centimeters in height swept into towns along the coast . The quakes were also felt in Sorong regency . The regency police spokesman Snr. Comr. Agus Rianto told The Jakarta Post the quakes had damaged 18 houses , injuring 11 residents . The latest quakes in Manokwari occurred on Oct. 10 , 2002 , the largest recorded at magnitude 7.6 , killing three people . Another strong quake hit in 1996 , triggering enormous waves that hammered into the north coastal area of Papua , as well as Sorong , Biak and Manokwari .

37_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news world - 23141479 3 July 2013 Last updated at 13 : 38 GMT Indonesia Aceh rescue operation after deadly earthquake Rescue operations are under way after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's Aceh province , flattening houses and causing landslides . Officials say at least 24 people were killed and more than 200 injured by the quake , which struck the western tip of Sumatra island on Tuesday . One report said six children were killed and 14 trapped under debris when a mosque collapsed in Central Aceh . Indonesia is located on one of the most seismically active regions on earth . "We have recorded 24 people dead and 249 people injured , " disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told Agence - France Presse ( AFP ) news agency . He added that more than 300 buildings have been damaged in the quake . Power cut Soldiers and police have been deployed in rescue operations , but have struggled to access some areas where roads were blocked by landslides , officials said . The Indonesian air force deployed a helicopter and a plane as part of the rescue efforts . Officials say that the quake was felt for around 15 seconds , from Banda Aceh , the regional capital , to Bener Meriah , one of the worst - hit areas . In Bener Meriah , about 300 people slept outdoors on Tuesday night as the area was hit by strong aftershocks and people were afraid to return to their homes , a local official told AFP . "We have a power outage now and communications are unreliable , " he added . In 2004 , a magnitude 9 . 1 quake off Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed some 230 , 000 people around the Indian Ocean . Indonesia is prone to earthquakes due to its location on the Pacific Ring of Fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the Pacific Basin .

37_7ecb.xml
A series of earthquakes killed a 10-year-old girl and injured dozens Sunday in remote eastern Indonesia and briefly triggered fears of another tsunami in a country still recovering from such a disaster in 2004 . One of the quakes -- a 7.3-magnitude tremor -- was felt as far away as Australia and sent small tsunamis into Japan 's southeastern coast . Residents near the epicenter in Papua province rushed from their homes in search of higher ground shortly after the first 7.6-magnitude quake struck , afraid that huge waves might wash over the island . The epicenter was about 85 miles from Papua 's main city of Manokwari and occurred at a depth of 22 miles , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It was followed by dozens of aftershocks .

37_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . globalpost . com dispatch news regions asia - pacific indonesia 130702 powerful - earthquake - injures - dozens - indonesias - ac July 2 , 2013 07 : 44 Powerful earthquake injures dozens in Indonesia's Aceh province At least 50 reported injured and buildings destroyed after a 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake strikes Sumatra's Aceh province . A powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's northwestern Aceh province on the island of Sumatra early Tuesday . Dozens have been reported injured . The epicenter of the quake was roughly 55 kilometers from the town of Bireuen , a regency of the larger Aceh province , according to data from the US Geological Survey . It took place at 7 : 37 AM local time . Although it's unknown how many were injured , Sky News estimates"at least 50 people , " and numerous buildings have collapsed as an effect of the powerful tremor . The quake appears to have shaken the provincial capital of Banda Aceh , which is located at the northern tip of the Sumatran land mass . More from GlobalPost : Aceh's bloodstained elections "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " central Aceh district resident Bensu Elianita told the Associated Press . "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " "We have received around 50 people with injuries suffered when the walls of their houses collapsed , " said doctor Ema Suryani to AFP , speaking from Lampahan city in Aceh's Bener Meriah district . Aceh was hit extremely hard by the massive Boxing Day earthquake and tsunami in 2004 , killing 170 , 000 people in Sumatra alone - with 35 , 000 bodies never recovered . The rebuilding process continues to this day from the enormous natural disaster . Here's a slideshow of images of the northern Sumatra quake on Tuesday .

37_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . sott . net article 263487 - Powerful - 6 - 1 - magnitude - earthquake - injures - dozens - in - Indonesias - Aceh - province Powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake injures dozens in Indonesia's Aceh province Tue , 02 Jul 2013 12 : 28 CDT A powerful 6 . 1 magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia's northwestern Aceh province , on the island of Sumatra . Dozens have been reported injured . The epicenter of the quake was roughly 55 kilometers from the town of Bireuen , a regency of the larger Aceh province , and took place at 7 : 37 AM local time according to data from the US Geological Survey . Although it's unknown how many were injured , Sky News estimates"at least 50 people , " and numerous buildings have collapsed as an effect of the powerful tremblor . The quake appears to have shaken the provincial capital of Banda Aceh , which is located at the northern tip of the Sumatran land mass . "I see many houses were damaged and their roofs fell onto some people , " said central Aceh district resident Bensu Elianita to the Associated Press . "Many people were injured but it is difficult to evacuate them due to traffic jams . " "We have received around 50 people with injuries suffered when the walls of their houses collapsed , " said doctor Ema Suryani to AFP , speaking from Lampahan city in Aceh's Bener Meriah district . Aceh was hit extremely hard by the massive "Boxing Day" earthquake and tsunami in 2004 , killing 170 , 000 people in Sumatra alone - with 35 , 000 bodies never recovered . The rebuilding process continues to this day from the enormous natural disaster .

37_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . straitstimes . com breaking - news se - asia story 61 - magnitude - quake - strikes - indonesias - aceh - no - immediate - reports - damage - 2 Dozens injured as 6 . 1 - magnitude quake hits Indonesia's Aceh Published on Jul 02 , 2013 4 : 22 PM A 6 . 1 - magnitude earthquake which hit the Indonesian province of Aceh on Tuesday killed at least one person , injured dozens and destroyed buildings , sparking panic in a region devastated by the quake - triggered tsunami of 2004 . The quake hit inland at a depth of just 10km , 55km south of Bireun and 72 km southeast of Reuleuet , the US Geological Survey said . Houses collapsed in the district , some 320km from the provincial capital Banda Aceh . "A child died when a wall collapsed , " said Ema Suryani , a doctor at a health clinic in Lampahan city , Bener Meriah district .

