39_10ecb.xml
The show has been running for 45-years , and the fans of the show will always remember the ten actors who played Doctor Who before Smith , his name will now join that exclusive list . Each actor has brought something unique to the role , so Smith will have his work cut out . Matt Smith has time to come to terms to the task ahead , as current Doctor Who , David Tennant will not leave the BBC show until the end of 2009 . Smith will play the time lord in 2010 . Do you think Smith will make a great Doctor Who ?

39_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . digitalspy . co . uk tv s7 doctor - who news a503338 peter - capaldi - to - replace - matt - smith - on - doctor - who . html Peter Capaldi to replace Matt Smith on 'Doctor Who' Published Sunday , Aug 4 2013 , 19 : 30 BST Peter Capaldi is to be the new star of Doctor Who . The Thick of It actor will play the 12th Doctor , replacing Matt Smith on BBC One's hit sci - fi drama . Capaldi was unveiled on tonight's ( August 4 ) special show Doctor Who Live : The Next Doctor on BBC One and gave his first interview since taking the role with host Zoe Ball . He had been widely tipped to take the role for days , with bookmakers suspending betting yesterday after making him the odds - on favourite . He will take over from Smith in this year's Christmas special ahead of his first full series as the Time Lord in 2014 . Jenna Coleman , who plays current companion Clara , will join Capaldi for the show's eighth series since returning to screens in 2005 . Capaldi - a long - time fan of the show - revealed that he discovered that he had been cast as the 12th Doctor while filming in Prague for the BBC's upcoming adaptation of The Three Musketeers . In a statement , the 55 - year - old said : "Being asked to play The Doctor is an amazing privilege . Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . I can't wait to get started . " Executive producer Steven Moffat added : "It's an incendiary combination : one of the most talented actors of his generation is about to play the best part on television . Peter Capaldi is in the TARDIS ! " Jenna Coleman revealed that she is "so excited" to welcome Peter Capaldi as the 12th incarnation of the Doctor , adding : "With Steven's writing and his talent I know we'll be making an amazing show with an incredible incarnation of number 12 . "I can't wait to start this new adventure ! " Ben Stephenson , controller of BBC Drama commissioning , said : "We started thinking Peter Capaldi might be the right person to take on this iconic part a few months ago . "But it was only when he did a secret audition at Steven's house under the cover of darkness that we knew we had our man . He's an extraordinarily talented actor who can seemingly turn his hand to anything . "We can't wait to premiere his unique take on the Doctor on Christmas Day and we are sure he's going to become one of the all - time classic Doctors . " Doctor Who returns to screens on November 23 for its 50th anniversary special starring Matt Smith , David Tennant and John Hurt .

39_11ecb.xml
Relatively unknown actor Matt Smith was named as the next face of TV 's most famous time traveller .

39_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . news . com . au entertainment television peter - capaldi - announced - as - the - new - doctor - who story - e6frfmyi - 1226691144068 Peter Capaldi announced as the new Doctor Who August 05 , 2013 4 : 14PM PETER Capaldi has been announced as the new Doctor Who , the 12th actor to take up the coveted TV role . Fans eagerly awaited the news , which was broadcast during a special live show on ABC this morning . The 55 - year - old Scottish actor will replace Matt Smith , who announced in June that he was leaving the sci - fi show later this year . Scroll down to see the first XI Doctors and tell us who your favourite has been Capaldi is best known in Britain for his starring role as a sharp - tongued spin doctor Malcolm Tucker in the critically - acclaimed UK political comedy The Thick of It . He has a long list of movie , television and stage credits , from the 1983 film Local Hero to a role alongside Brad Pitt in the recent zombie horror World War Z . He's also an Oscar winner - he directed Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life , which won the Academy Award for best short film in 1994 . In a live interview with the BBC Capaldi admitted he had been a long - time fan of the show . He said he used to pretend to be the Doctor as a child growing up in Glasgow . "Being asked to play the Doctor is an amazing privilege . Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . I can't wait to get started , " he said . "I haven't played it since I was nine . As an adult actor I've never worked on it . " ( For the audition ) I downloaded some old scripts from the internet and pracitised that in front of the mirror . " The role will be a dramatic change from Capaldi's turn as Tucker , a political manipulator known for his ceaseless and creative use of expletives . Doctor Who is a firmly child - friendly program . "I think Malcolm has been banished from the mirror by this Doctor Who , who certainly would not put up with any of Malcolm's language or attitude , " Capaldi said . Capaldi attributed the longevity of the show to the creative team behind it as well as to its millions of fans around the world . The show is a television institution , making its debut in 1963 . In the show the galaxy - hopping Time Lord travels in the Tardis , a time machine shaped like an old - fashioned British police telephone booth . Its longevity is due partly to the flexibility of the premise . The Doctor can regenerate into new bodies , and can travel to any point in space or time . The show went off air in 1989 and was revived in 2005 when Christopher Eccleston took on the role . David Tennant then starred for three seasons before Smith took over in 2010 . Talking about his time in the show , Smith told the BBC live show : 'I'll miss playing a character who can bounce from A - Z and be the smartest in the room and the silliest in the room . . . what a character ! "

39_12ecb.xml
On Saturday it was announced that the actor to play the eleventh Doctor was none other than Matt Smith . `` Who ? '' asked people entirely appropriately .

39_13ecb.xml
On Saturday , the 26-year-old was handed the keys to the Tardis when he was unveiled as the 11th Doctor Who , replacing David Tennant , who steps down later this year . Matt , who has stage and TV credits , will take up the role in 2010 .

39_14ecb.xml
This weekend Doctor Who fans finally learned who would play the eleventh Doctor after David Tennant leaves the role . Matt Smith will take up steering the TARDIS and saving the universe when the series returns for its fifth season .

39_1ecb.xml
The BBC says little-known actor Matt Smith will take over the title role in the long-running sci-fi series `` Doctor Who . ''

39_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news entertainment - arts - 23570354 4 August 2013 Last updated at 19 : 47 GMT Doctor Who : Peter Capaldi revealed as 12th Doctor Actor Peter Capaldi has been announced as the new star of BBC sci - fi series Doctor Who . The 55 - year - old Glasgow - born star will be the 12th actor to play the Doctor , replacing out - going lead Matt Smith . Capaldi is best known for his role as foul - mouthed spin - doctor Malcolm Tucker in the BBC series The Thick of It . "It's so wonderful not to keep this secret any longer , but it's been so fantastic , " he said after the news was revealed on a live BBC One show . The actor had been the bookmakers' favourite to take on the role , with betting on him becoming the next Doctor suspended on Friday . It is not the first time Capaldi has appeared on the show - he played Roman merchant Caecilius in 2008 Doctor Who adventure The Fires of Pompeii . At 55 , he is the same age as William Hartnell when he was cast in the role as the first Doctor in 1963 . "Being asked to play the Doctor is an amazing privilege . Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . I can't wait to get started , " he said . Secret audition Steven Moffat , the show's lead writer and executive producer , said casting Capaldi as the Doctor was an "incendiary combination" . "One of the most talented actors of his generation is about to play the best part on television . " Moffat said Capaldi had been cast after a secret audition at his house . "We made a home video of [ Capaldi ] being the doctor and I showed it around and everyone said 'yes , that's the Doctor' . Moffat added the actor had "briefly flicked through my mind" the last time he was casting the role , but he did not think he was right for the part , however "now that moment has arrived" . Capaldi said he downloaded old Doctor Who scripts from the internet and practised the lines in front of a mirror to prepare for the audition . He revealed he was filming a BBC adaptation of The Three Musketeers in Prague when he found out he got the part . "I had my phone on silent so I missed the call , " he said . "It was my agent and I rang her up and she said 'hello Doctor' - I haven't stopped laughing since . " 'Incredible incarnation' Out - going Doctor Matt Smith welcomed Capaldi's casting , and pre - recorded a message for the new Time Lord . "I wish my successor all the best and say good luck and good on you for getting it , because I know he's both a huge fan of the show and a really nice guy , " he said . "The casting made me ready excited and as a fan I think it's a canny choice . If I had to pick someone , I'd pick him because I think he's great . I'm excited because I know what's coming and he's going to have a blast . " Jenna Coleman , who stars as current Doctor Who companion Clara , said : "I'm so excited Peter Capaldi is the man taking on the challenge of becoming the 12th Doctor . "With Steven's writing and his talent I know we'll be making an amazing show with an incredible incarnation of number 12 . I can't wait to start this new adventure . " Ben Stephenson , controller of BBC Drama Commissioning said Capaldi was "an extraordinarily talented actor who can seemingly turn his hand to anything" . "We can't wait to premiere his unique take on the Doctor on Christmas Day and we are sure he's going to become one of the all - time classic Doctors . " Following the announcement , The Thick of It writer Armando Ianucci tweeted : "There can't be a funnier , wiser , more exciting Time Lord than Peter Capaldi . The universe is in great hands . " Capaldi will film his first scenes on the series this autumn .

39_2ecb.xml
With young British actor Matt Smith stepping into Doctor Who 's title role , Wired.com takes a look back at the 10 actors who have previously portrayed sci-fi TV 's most enduring hero .

39_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . mirror . co . uk tv tv - news doctor - who - peter - capaldi - only - 2126126 Peter Capaldi was the only name considered to take over Doctor Who role from Matt Smith , says show boss Steven Moffat 5 Aug 2013 10 : 37 Showrunner , 51 , adds that Malcolm Tucker will not cast a shadow over new Time Lord : "You know when the Doctor is in the room" Doctor Who boss Steven Moffat has revealed that Peter Capaldi was the only name considered to take over from Matt Smith . Speaking after last night's announcement of The Thick of It star as the Twelfth Doctor , Moffat also said that the 55 - year - old's lifelong love of Doctor Who had been an aspect when it came to casting him . Asked whether the list of Time Lord contenders was a short one , Moffat said : "Yes . The list went 'Peter Capaldi' . It was a very short list . " He added : " [ Capaldi came into consideration ] a fair amount of time ago . I happened to know he's a big fan . "There's something very seductive about an utterly brilliant , arresting looking leading man actor - one of the most talented actors in Britain - who you happen to know is a big fan of the show . "You start to think 'maybe we should so something about that' . " The 51 - year - old showrunner also insisted that Capaldi's most heralded and readily identifiable previous role - as sweary spin doctor Malcolm Tucker - would not overshadow his new position in charge of the TARDIS . "You know when the Doctor is in the room , " said Moffat . "I've seen the Doctor not be in the room when you say those lines out loud . "And just to check we weren't mad we showed it to [ BBC head of drama ] Ben [ Stephenson ] . And we all just thought 'Yes , obviously that's it . The Doctor's in the room' . " Producer Moffat , who is also a co - creator of Sherlock , is sure that fans will agree that Capaldi is the perfect choice . "When you watched him walk out in the room tonight , didn't you just think 'well , there he is' ? " he said . "Suddenly he's the Doctor . Malcolm Tucker is knocked out of the way . He's just suddenly this magnificent new man . " Last night's unveiling of Capaldi was watched by 6 . 1m people ( a 29 . 8% share of the TV - watching audience ) , peaking at 6 . 9m .

39_3ecb.xml
Tennant has now been voted one of the most popular Doctors of all time and is handing his sonic screwdriver over to actor Matt Smith . Of course , there has been a media frenzy , with practically every national tabloid screaming `` Who ? ? '' . But the casting of Smith is a stroke of genius : he will not bring any `` star personality '' with him that perhaps a `` name '' would have , but he seems utterly committed , and I have to say he does have an other-worldly look to him .

39_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . theguardian . com tv - and - radio 2013 aug 04 peter - capaldi - doctor - who Peter Capaldi : from spin doctor to the new Doctor Who Scottish actor best known for his role as Malcolm Tucker in The Thick of It revealed as 12th actor to play the Doctor Monday 5 August 2013 08 . 33 BST Peter Capaldi , best known for playing foul - mouthed spin doctor Malcolm Tucker in political satire The Thick of It , has been named as the 12th actor to play the Doctor in the TV series Doctor Who . The 55 - year old Glasgow - born actor , a self - confessed lifelong Doctor Who fan , is the oldest actor to play the Time Lord since the first Doctor , William Hartnell , in 1963 . He will replace Matt Smith , the youngest ever Doctor at 26 when he was introduced in 2009 . The new Doctor was announced in a special live broadcast on BBC1 on Sunday night . Capaldi had been firmly installed as the bookies' favourite ahead of contenders including Luther's Idris Elba , Ben Whishaw and Daniel Rigby , despite a cloak of secrecy surrounding the identity of the new Doctor . Internally the BBC referred to the selection process as project Houdini , with reportedly only 10 people knowing Capaldi had been chosen . "It is so wonderful not to keep this secret any more , " he said . "For a while I couldn't even tell my daughter . Being asked to play the Doctor is an amazing privilege . Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . I can't wait to get started . " Capaldi admitted that it would be tricky to throw off the spectre of his most famous on screen persona , the wily and unscrupulous spin doctor Malcolm Tucker for the hit BBC show . "I think Malcolm has been banished from the mirror by the new Doctor who wouldn't put up with Malcolm's attitude to the world , " said Capaldi in an interview with Zoe Ball . Capaldi , who described himself as a "full anorak" Doctor Who fan who once wrote a letter aged 15 about Doctor Who to the Radio Times , admitted he was yet to get his head around being named as one of British TV's most enduring and best loved characters . "He's not me yet , " he said . "But he is reaching out and hopefully we will get it together . Even though I am a lifelong Doctor Who fan I've not played him since I was nine . I downloaded old scripts and practised those in front of the mirror . " Capaldi is not completely new to Doctor Who , having appeared in the programme playing Caecilius in the episode "The Fires of Pompeii" in 2008 with David Tennant . Steven Moffat , lead writer and executive producer of Doctor Who , said : "It's an incendiary combination : one of the most talented actors of his generation is about to play the best part on television . " he said . " Peter Capaldi is in the Tardis . " Capaldi said he had his phone on silent when he received the call that he had got the role - he was in Prague shooting a BBC remake of the Three Musketeers , where he plays Cardinal Richelieu . An assistant delivered the good news by saying : "Hello Doctor" . Moffat said Capaldi had been thought of before but that the timing had not been right . "We all had an idea , we all had the same idea , it was quite a different idea , " he said . "We got the notional 12th Doctor around to my house and made a home video . "Everyone said 'yes' that is the Doctor . There comes a right time for the right person to play it . That moment has arrived . " The live announcement was broadcast simultaneously on BBC America , highlighting the increasing popularity of the franchise internationally and growing importance of the world's biggest TV market for the BBC franchise . In Doctor Who lore Capaldi is the 12th Doctor , leaving just one left and raising the long - held question of how the script writers will overcome the problem to keep the franchise going . "We're getting towards the end of the incarnation cycle and everyone always remembers that bit of the overall plot , " said Tom Spilsbury , editor of the official Doctor Who magazine . "The question is probably a few years away now for Doctor Who fans , I don't think they will be worried about it just yet . Doctor Who is popular so [ the BBC ] will invent away to get around it when the time comes , won't they ? " The hope of a first female Doctor has once again been dashed , though Moffat tantalisingly hinted that the prospect remained for the future . "Time Lords can change gender , so it is not against the rules , " he said . Jenna Coleman , who will remain as the Doctor's companion when Capaldi takes over the role next year , said : "With Steven's writing and his talent I know we'll be making an amazing show with an incredible incarnation of number 12 . I can't wait to start this new adventure . " The decision was welcomed by Smith who pre - recorded a message to Capaldi , saying : "I just want to wish my successor all the best and just say good luck and good on you for getting it , because I know he is both a huge fan of the show and a really nice guy . "The casting of it made me really excited genuinely , and as a fan I think it's a really canny choice , so good luck mate , it's going to be a thrill . " Smith added : "If I had to pick someone , I'd pick him , because I think he's great . And weirdly enough , after the 11th hour , he came up to me in the street and said , 'Ah mate , well done . I watched your episode last night , it was brilliant , I think you're really good' . And I really needed that , I needed a sort of boost and I never forgot it . " Capaldi has appeared in more than 40 films and TV shows , including Dangerous Liaisons , Shooting Fish , Minder , The Vicar of Dibley , Peep Show and Waking the Dead , since being cast as Danny Oldsen in the 1983 film Local Hero . He is also playing Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger in the forthcoming film about the WikiLeaks affair .

39_4ecb.xml
When Matt Smith stepped into Doctor Who 's title role as the 11th Doctor this weekend , he went from British character actor to potential entertainment legend .

39_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk blogs doctorwho articles Peter - Capaldi - exclusively - revealed - to - the - nation - as - the - Twelfth - Doctor Peter Capaldi exclusively revealed to the nation as the Twelfth Doctor Sunday 4 August 2013 , 19 : 30 Amid much hype and speculation , Peter Capaldi was unveiled as the next Doctor during a special live television event on BBC ONE tonight . Widely regarded as one of the biggest roles in British television , Capaldi will be the Twelfth Doctor and takes over from Matt Smith who leaves the show at Christmas . Peter Capaldi says : "Being asked to play the Doctor is an amazing privilege . Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . I can't wait to get started . " Steven Moffat , lead writer and executive producer says : "It's an incendiary combination : one of the most talented actors of his generation is about to play the best part on television . Peter Capaldi is in the TARDIS ! " Doctor Who companion , Jenna Coleman says : "I'm so excited Peter Capaldi is the man taking on the challenge of becoming the Twelfth Doctor . With Steven's writing and his talent I know we'll be making an amazing show with an incredible incarnation of number 12 . I can't wait to start this new adventure ! " Charlotte Moore , Controller BBC One says : "Peter Capaldi has all the genius and versatility needed to take on the mantel of the great Time Lord and make the role his own . He'll bring his own particular wisdom , charisma and wit to the Twelfth Doctor and take the show into an exciting new era . " Ben Stephenson , Controller , BBC Drama Commissioning says : "We started thinking Peter Capaldi might be the right person to take on this iconic part a few months ago . But it was only when he did a secret audition at Steven's house under the cover of darkness that we knew we had our man . He's an extraordinarily talented actor who can seemingly turn his hand to anything . We can't wait to premiere his unique take on the Doctor on Christmas Day and we are sure he's going to become one of the all - time classic Doctors . " Doctor Who is produced by BBC Cymru Wales .

39_5ecb.xml
Smith , 26 , who played a young political researcher in the show , will become the biggest star of all after winning the role of the 11th Doctor . Speaking to The Guardian , Buchan said his old co-star would make an excellent Doctor Who . `` It 's a sublime bit of casting . He 's got that huge hair , a twinkle in his eye - Matt 's the king of geek chic . He is possibly going to be one of the best Doctors we 've ever had . ''

39_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . entertainmentwise . com news 122739 Peter - Capaldi - Takes - Over - Doctor - Who - Tardis - John - Barrowman - Stephen - Fry - McFlys - Tom - Fletcher - Lead - Celeb - Congrats Peter Capaldi Takes Over Doctor Who Tardis : John Barrowman , Stephen Fry & McFly's Tom Fletcher Lead Celeb Congrats Celeb fans took to Twitter as Matt Smith's replacement was unveiled The new Doctor Who has finally been unveiled . Yesterday evening the new tenant of the Tardis was unveiled as Peter Capaldi stepped into Matt Smith's soon to be vacant Doctor Who shoes as the twelfth incarnation of the Time Lord . Celebrity Who fans were soon taking to Twitter in their droves to voice their excitement at the Doctor's appointment . The Thick Of It star , Capaldi described himself as a "life - long Doctor Who fan" when revealed by Zoe Ball as Smith's successor on a live BBC show on Sunday evening . He said in his first interview : "It's so wonderful not to keep the secret any longer ! " "For a while I couldn't tell my daughter , who'd be looking on the internet at people saying 'So - and - so should be Doctor Who , so - and - so should be Doctor Who . . . she was getting rather upset that they never mentioned me ! " The 55 - year - old is a hugely popular choice , judging by some celebrity twitter chatter last night . Huge Who fan Stephen Fry tweeted : "Well , at least they've chosen a wonderful actor . . . #DrWho" whilst former Companion Karen Gillan was more than happy with Peter , who she starred with in 2008 Doctor Who episode The Fires of Pompeii : "CAPALDI ! Superb choice . Swear I've seen him in Pompeii . . . " Sherlock star and Doctor Who writer Mark Gatiss added to the gushing messages : "Thrilling , moving , beyond exciting . Cometh the hour , cometh the man ! Peter Capaldi is the PERFECT choice . Welcome , Doctor ! " Self confessed sci - fi geek Tom Fletcher from McFly was the envy of his Twitter followers as he heard the news live from the studio , sitting amongst fellow Doctor Who fans as he tweeted : "That was tense , was sweating waiting for the big reveal ! SOOOOO it's Peter Capaldi . Big change ! Exciting innit ! ! ! " Former Doctor Colin Baker tweeted : "Delighted to hear Peter Capaldi is the new Doctor , very good choice . Another Scot eh ? Nice to have a more mature Doctor too . Bring it on ! ! " Captain Jack Harkness , John Barrowman added his congrats : "Peter Capaldi good choice and good actor . Also he's #Scottish . Can't go wrong : ) welcome to the #DoctorWho family : ) " Finally Homeland star David Harewood , one of the buzzed about names to take over the role , managed a cheeky joke amid all the excitement : "Well . . . . . if it is me . . . . . the bleedin taxi's late . #who"

39_6ecb.xml
A relative unknown will take over the title role of Doctor Who in the British science fiction television show , making him the 11th time lord in 45 years to travel across the universe in the Tardis time-ship . Matt Smith , 26 , will make his debut in 2010 , replacing David Tennant , who leaves at the end of this year . He is the youngest actor to play the part . Smith has previously appeared on TV , in films and the theatre and is best known for appearing in the BBC 's The Ruby in the Smoke .

39_6ecbplus.xml
http : uk . eonline . com news 445612 doctor - who - revealed - peter - capaldi - cast - as - the - 12th - time - lord Doctor Who Revealed : Peter Capaldi Cast as the 12th Time Lord ! Sun . , Aug . 4 , 2013 11 : 29 AM PDT Meet your new Time Lord ! Doctor Who has finally selected its 12th doctor : Peter Capaldi is officially set to replace exiting star Matt Smith as the TARDIS leader , producer Steven Moffat announced on the live BBC special Doctor Who Live : The Next Doctor Sunday . Well known for his work as Malcolm Tucker on The Thick Of It , Capaldi , 55 , isn't a stranger to the longrunning BBC hit's fans : He appeared opposite David Tennant in The Fires of Pompeii in 2008 as Caecilius and had a major role on Torchwood : Children of Earth , the Doctor Who spinoff series . "Being asked to play the Doctor is an amazing privilege , " Capaldi said . "Like the Doctor himself I find myself in a state of utter terror and delight . It's so wonderful not to keep this secret any longer , but it's been so fantastic . " "I just want to wish my successor all the best and say good luck and good on you for getting it , " Smith said in a videotaped message . "I know he's a huge fan of the show and a really nice guy . The casting of it made me really excited it . I think it's a really canny choice . Good luck , man . It's going to be a thrill . " Oddly enough , Capaldi was recently seen in Brad Pitt's World War Z as a World Health Organization doctor , or W . H . O . doctor , for short . The big reveal was arguably Britain's second most highly - anticipated announcement in recent history , following Prince George's arrival , with BBC even promoting the announcement that an announcement would be made . "The decision is made & the time has come to reveal who's taking over the TARDIS , " BBCOne promoted on Twitter . "For the last of the Time Lords , the clock is striking twelve . " Smith had played the iconic role since 2010 and shocked fans when he announced his his departure from the series in June . "Doctor Who has been the most brilliant experience for me as an actor and a bloke , and that largely is down to the cast , crew and fans of the show . I'm incredibly grateful to all the cast and crew who work tirelessly every day , to realise all the elements of the show and deliver Doctor Who to the audience , " he wrote on BBC's Doctor Who website . "Many of them have become good friends and I'm incredibly proud of what we have achieved over the last four years . " The series' 50th anniversary special , which all air in November , is set to be Smith's last official outing as the Doctor , but it's been revealed that he will also make an appearance in the Christmas special .

39_7ecb.xml
When the 26-year-old unknown was unveiled as the 11th Doctor on Saturday evening , it took most viewers by surprise .

39_7ecbplus.xml
http : blog . zap2it . com frominsidethebox 2013 08 doctor - who - peter - capaldi - announced - as - the - new - doctor . html 'Doctor Who' : Peter Capaldi announced as the new Doctor August 4 , 2013 2 : 29 PM ET After lots of speculation , Peter Capaldi has been named the new Doctor for Series 8 of "Doctor Who . " He will take over for Matt Smith , the 12th Doctor , who is leaving during the 2013 Christmas Special . The announcement was made Sunday ( August 4 ) , during "Doctor Who Live : The Next Doctor , " which aired on BBC and BBC America . Capaldi , a Scottish actor , is best known for starring in the BBC series "Thick of It , " though he has a few movie credits to his name , as well . He appeared in "World War Z" ( ironically , in the role of W . H . O . Doctor ) and has a part in the upcoming "Maleficent , " starring Angelina Jolie . Capaldi has also appeared on "Doctor Who" before , guest starring in the Series 4 episode "The Fires of Pompeii . " The live special , hosted by Zoe Ball , featured celebrity guests sharing their love for "Doctor Who , " including Peter Davison ( 5th Doctor ) . The show also featured an interview with Smith , who endorsed the new Doctor . "If I had to pick someone , it would be [ Capaldi ] . I think he's great , " he says . "I just want to wish my successor all the best . " It was first announced Smith would be leaving the show in June . He joined the series , becoming the 11th Doctor , in 2010 . He was the third to take on the role since the series was relaunched in 2005 , following in the footsteps of Christopher Eccleston ( 9th Doctor ) and David Tennant ( 10th Doctor ) . The new Doctor will be introduced as Smith leaves the role , regenerating in the 2013 Christmas special ( airing December 25 ) . It will also serve as the show's 800th episode . Smith was first introduced in the 2009 Christmas special , "The End of Time . "

39_8ecb.xml
Just hours after little-known actor Matt Smith was named as the new Doctor in the BBC Wales hit show , speculation mounted that a star name would accompany him on his time-travelling adventures .

39_8ecbplus.xml
http : metro . co . uk 2013 07 31 peter - capaldi - favourite - to - take - over - from - matt - smith - as - doctor - who - 3905842 Peter Capaldi favourite to take over from Matt Smith as Doctor Who Wednesday 31 Jul 2013 11 : 20 am Peter Capaldi is the bookies' favourite to become the next Doctor Who . There has been a surge in bets on Capaldi , who plays sweary spin doctor Malcom Tucker in The Thick of It , replacing Matt Smith , according to William Hill . Joe Crilly , a spokesperson for William Hill , said : 'Peter Capaldi was not even in our list a few days ago but he has been the subject of a lot of betting interest recently and this gamble would suggest that if he does not have the part already , he is almost certainly on the shortlist . ' He now has odds of 2 1 to become the 12th Time Lord above Ben Daniels and Rory Kinnear . Previous favourite Kinnear has slipped down the list after he ruled himself out of the running , claiming he's never seen an episode of Doctor Who . Capaldi's name may have been linked to the role after Doctor Who creator Steven Moffat said he would not rule out casting an older Doctor . He said at the recent San Diego Comic - Con : 'We've never not considered an older Doctor . It is completely on all the lists we make - there are absolutely older Doctors . '

39_9ecb.xml
26-year-old Matt Smith has been cast as the next incarnation of the Doctor . Users on the Facebook Doctor Who forum that I frequent mostly had the same reaction : `` Who 's Matt Smith ? '' The guy is relatively unknown and the skeptics wondered if the right person was chosen . After all , everyone speculated that Paterson Joseph , who had appeared on a couple episodes of the show , was going to be the next Doctor and here we get some no-name .

39_9ecbplus.xml
http : herocomplex . latimes . com tv peter - capaldi - as - doctor - who - a - return - to - distinguished - tradition Peter Capaldi as 'Doctor Who' : A return to distinguished tradition ? Aug . 05 , 2013 | 2 : 47 p . m . And as the world ( or one obsessed subset thereof ) watched , the name of the person to play the Twelfth Doctor - though not , of course , the name of the Doctor , which shall remain unspoken - was revealed . Peter Capaldi , the bookmakers' choice by a wide margin , will take over for the retiring Matt Smith , the Doctor since 2010 . Smith's Doctor will regenerate into Capaldi's - same character , just a different body - this Christmas . The new star of "Doctor Who" is best known to Americans , which is not to say well known , as the F - bombing spin doctor in Armando Iannucci's political comedies "The Thick of It" ( BBC series ) and "In the Loop" ( film spinoff ) and , reaching back through the foggy mists of time , for Bill Forsyth's gentle comedy of Scotland , "Local Hero . " He is , at any rate , better known to us than were his immediate predecessors , Christopher Eccleston , David Tennant and Smith , when they assumed the role . He has twice appeared in the Whoniverse , as a first - century businessman in "The Fires of Pompeii" and a tragic figure at the center of the spun - off "Torchwood" miniseries , "Children of Earth . " He also appears in "World War Z" as a World Health Organization , or WHO , doctor . You felt a little chill then , didn't you ? The announcement came Sunday , after months of public speculation and wish - listing , conspiratorial sifting of coincidence and readings of tea leaves , near the end of "Doctor Who Live : The Next Doctor , " a BBC special that aired here simultaneously on BBC America . It is not to be confused with the big 50th anniversary special set for November . With Fifth Doctor Peter Davison ( the cricket - sweater Doctor ) and elderly companion Bernard Cribbens as its main in - studio star power and a floating Tardis ( police - box shaped time machine , for the uninitiated ) introduced as a "special guest , " it was , global interest aside , a small - scale , essentially local , even provincial , event . Because whatever else the new Doctor would turn out to be - and , if recent history was any guide he would turn out to be tall , thin , white , clean - shaven , not bald and unconventionally attractive ( check , check , check , check , check and check ) - it was going to be somebody British . As does James Bond , "Doctor Who" posits a world in which the U . K . is still at the center of things . It's where the aliens arrive , and the Earth is repeatedly saved . Some had hoped for a black Doctor ( Idris Elba was often named ) , or a female Doctor ( Olivia Colman , perhaps ) , and as with other great and important offices , it does seem only right that it be open to anyone , regardless of gender or color . Indeed , if it seemed just possible this time , it's hard to believe the next Doctor won't break one of those lines , or both . That Capaldi is an award - winning actor of great reputation does not necessarily mean that it will be any easier for him to take control of the Tardis . Every new Doctor represents a testing of the brand and a testing of the faithful ; there are viewers still mourning the loss of David Tennant ( No . 10 ) , and undoubtedly some who feel nothing's been as good since Tom Baker ( No . 4 ) quit , back in 1981 . It is also , and not incidentally , a test of the show runner , Steven Moffat , who came in with Smith , following series - rebooter Russell T Davies . Show runners are a thing we know about now ; we know whom to blame , and Moffat draws a fair share . Still , first reactions seem on the whole approving , though some younger online commenters bemoaned Capaldi's age - 55 , the age of William Hartnell when he created the role , back in 1963 . Fangirls who crushed on the younger Eccleston , Tennant and or Smith wondered how they would adapt to a Doctor old enough to be their dad . There is , of course , plenty of precedent for gray - haired swashbucklers ( your Gandalf , actually called Gray , your Obi - wan Kenobi , your very vibrant Third Doctor , John Pertwee ) . And Moffat can always create companions for raw youth appeal , as was the original custom . ( Hartnell's Doctor traveled with a granddaughter . ) Certainly , Capaldi represents a change from Matt Smith - thought by some to be too young for the part when he took over , ironically - but he also offers a range of new tonal possibilities , some of which are also old possibilities . Moffat may be more of a "Who" classicist than Davies , who brought sex , romance and a will - they - won't - they element to the series . It may be time for the return of a more fatherly Doctor . If you look back across the whole life of the series , Capaldi seems very much in the tradition - a likely , almost obvious choice . He has the authority , the madness , the sweetness . At the same time , we don't know how Moffat plans to write him . The doctor is as constant as the stars and as changeable as the wind ; he is a warrior clown , comical and stern , a thousand - year - old child , a tenderhearted soul who loves humanity and yet is renowned across the universe as the scourge of worlds . ( Typically , these are worlds that deserve a scourge . ) There is a lot of room to play in there . Fans - especially British fans , whose allegiance spans decades and generations , speak of "my Doctor" as if every citizen needs to have a favorite - do have strong ideas about what the Doctor should be . But variety is in his nature , and in choosing to take this ride , we agree to accept the authenticity of the latest anointed choice - a choice no more in our hands , after all , than it is in the Doctor's . He is always surprised by who he next finds himself to be . For most viewers the Doctor shapes himself to the actor , even as the actor shapes the part . You want to honor the tradition , naturally , and you can't afford to alienate your audience . Still , fear of change is a poor basis for creative decision - the point , Moffat told Hero Complex recently , was to bring the world around : 'You want people to go , 'No , that would never work ! ' . . . And they always get wrenched out of their comfort zone , and then they find the Doctor again . And there's such a range of what the Doctor can be . " I'm excited .

