4_10ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the 1950s pinup and bondage model who provided more than a half-century of inspiration for everybody from Madonna to the Suicide Girls to artist Olivia De Berardinis ( as well as having her image used on all sorts of merchandise ) , died yesterday in Los Angeles at the age of 85 . Born in Nashville , Page left her job as a schoolteacher and secretary to begin a career in modeling in 1950 . Throughout the 50s , she appeared clad in leopard print bikinis , black leather , and wielding whips in publications like Wink and Titter . In 1955 , she appeared in a Christmas spread for Playboy . She had appeared in thousands of photos when she abruptly walked away from her career at the age of 35 . In 1995 , Page was summoned to testify before the U.S. Senate at anti-pornography hearings . She moved to Florida shortly thereafter , became a born-again Christian , suffered a nervous breakdown , and was diagnosed as a schizophrenic . But her legend grew over the years , as her image kept reappearing in popular culture . She was the inspiration for a character in Dale Stevens ' 1982 comic series The Rocketeer , and the 1991 movie based on the series had actress Jennifer Connolly in the Page-inspired role . Artist Olivia De Berardinis also immortalized Page in several paintings , which have become popular tattoos among modern day rockabilly and goth girls . Page learned of her career resurgence after being released from a mental hospital in 1992 . Bettie Page T-shirts , posters , watches , wallets , and more were hot-sellers , and although Page refused to have her picture taken the last two decades of her life , she embraced her legacy and occasionally did meet-and-greet signings at events throughout the U.S. and gave her blessing to an official Web site , www.bettiepage.com . Page had been hospitalized for the past three weeks for pneumonia . She was scheduled to be released December 2 , but suffered a heart attack . Her health never recovered , and she passed at away at 6 : 41 last night . A number of sites have already posted tributes to Page . You can check out the tributes in the L.A. Times , at MTV.com , and also at Page 's official site .

4_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . pennlive . com entertainment index . ssf 2013 06 esther _ williams _ olympic _ swimme . html Esther Williams , Olympic swimmer turned actress and pinup girl , dies at 91 Esther Williams , the swimming champion turned actress who starred in glittering and aquatic Technicolor musicals of the 1940s and 1950s , has died . She was 91 . Williams died early Thursday in her sleep , according to her longtime publicist Harlan Boll . Williams in a bathing suit became a favorite pinup of GI's in World War II , and her popularity continued afterward .

4_11ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the 1950s pin-up queen and pop culture icon who died on Thursday , will be remembered for her indomitable influence on style , fashion , and sexual expression . But as Bettie 's biographer -- and the only one with whom she ever cooperated -- I can tell you that the underground bondage queen also had the unlikely effect of thematically shaping a series of biographical and highly feminist novels about powerful women in history . In 1991 , intrigued by the resurgence of Bettie 's image in venues as diverse as rockabilly clubs , nostalgia rags , and S and M fashion gone mainstream , I wrote a cover story for the L.A. Weekly , `` In Search of Bettie Page . '' For nine months , I had tracked down anyone who had ever known her or photographed her . But Bettie herself , the object of much speculation , remained elusive . Most people thought she was dead . Then , as fate would have it , someone gave Bettie , who was living in anonymity and seclusion , a copy of the article . Imagine the shock -- a seventy-something senior citizen who ran away from it all forty years prior , suddenly finds that she is famous again . But she liked it . Though she did not want to re-enter the public arena , Bettie sent me a letter praising the piece , calling us `` kindred spirits . '' Soon , with co-author James Swanson , I embarked on the adventure of writing her biography , sitting down with her for hundreds of hours while she told us her story . At the time , I was also trying to work out how to tell the stories of women in history who had been either dropped from the record or misinterpreted through the sexist lens of their biographers . I was to start with Kleopatra ( the original Greek spelling ) , a victim of Roman propaganda remembered for the men with whom she slept rather than for her diplomacy , leadership , and the fact that she had mastered nine languages . How to present the stories of women who had been victimized without writing a victim story , I kept asking myself ? How to give women in history who had been reduced to their sexuality the full breadth of their experience without diminishing or demeaning their sexuality ? So here was Bettie Page , a woman known only for her sexuality , who had been sexually abused by her father , sexually violated by a gang of strangers , and emotionally battered by a husband . In the years since she had gone underground , Bettie had become a born-again Christian working for the Billy Graham Crusade . Surely she would repudiate the work she 'd done as a pin-up and bondage model . Surely she saw herself as a victim of the patriarchy that hijacked her beauty and sensuality and exploited it for its own gratification . Surely I was about to meet a woman who considered herself a victim . I was wrong . Despite her more unfortunate experiences , Bettie never presented herself as a casualty of sexual abuse , and she never used that , or her religious beliefs , which were strong , to renounce the work she 'd done as a model . Moreover , she never denounced sexual expression . `` God created us naked , '' she said by way of explaining her total lack of inhibition in the buff . She purported that bondage modeling `` was such fun , '' even at times `` hilarious , '' except for when the elaborate gear became uncomfortable . And sex itself , she assured me on many occasions , was for her , always pleasurable and joyful . Though she had at times suffered at their hands , she never expressed bitterness toward men . I know women who are resoundingly more hostile than Bettie Page just for having suffered a few bad dates . No , Bettie was not going to allow anyone or anything to diminish the joy she experienced when she put that corset on ( or took it off ) and felt her full-blown sexual power . Since the publication of Bettie Page : Life of a Pin-Up Legend , I have published four historical novels with strong female characters . Each , in her own way , was a victim , either of the era in which she lived and its laws , or of individual abusers , or of the general abuses and oppressive nature of the culture at large . Despite the enormous consciousness-raising of the last few decades , we still see attempts to diminish today 's female powerbrokers women like Hillary Clinton or Sarah Palin by sexualizing them . Yes , in our porn-saturated society , people are still trying to shame women for -- what ? Having sexual attributes ? At least we can point to one woman , Bettie Page , who would n't have it . Bettie 's obits paint a bleak picture of her later years . But I found that , despite her trials , she had retained a zest for life and always took pleasure in memories of the work that she 'd done . I hope that Bettie is remembered for her sexual joy , and for the gleeful spirit she brought to sexual imagery , whether she was frolicking on the beach or being ball-gagged and spanked , rather than for being a victim . A female friend of mine said this morning , `` Bettie Page did more for sexual expression than Alfred Kinsey. '' Amen , sister . For all the countless ( and valuable ) mountains of scholarly and feminist writing that have influenced my thinking and my portrayal of women , I still look to a lady who said it all by looking into the camera and defying anyone to tell her she was bad or wrong . Amen to you , too , Bettie . Rest in peace .

4_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . starpulse . com news Kevin _ Blair 2013 06 06 legendary _ aquatic _ musical _ star _ esther _ Legendary Aquatic Musical Star Esther Williams Dies At 91 June 6th , 2013 7 : 38pm EDT Championship swimmer - turned - legendary Hollywood actress Esther Williams has died . The star of such MGM movie hits as “ Take Me Out to the Ball Game , ” "Jupiter's Darling" and "Million Dollar Mermaid , " passed away in Beverly Hills , Calif . , on Thursday at the age of 91 . The California native , who once held the record in the 100 meter freestyle , was promoted as "the girl you will dream about ! " in the film that made her a household name , "Bathing Beauty , " which was released shortly after D - Day in 1944 , making her one of the top pin - up girls of U . S . servicemen serving in World War II . Williams' publicist , Harlan Boll , confirmed her death to the Associated Press on Thursday .

4_12ecb.xml
Yesterday in Los Angeles , pin-up icon Bettie Page succumbed to complications from a heart attack suffered almost three weeks ago . Few women in modern history have incited such lust and reverence in men and women alike . To the rockabilly culture , she embodied the ideal woman - voluptuous and healthy , with that leveling sneer . She seemed to dare you to not stare at her . Her hairstyle launched a thousand girls to slice off their bangs and get out the black dye . Literally tens of thousands of women are walking around today as perfect Bettie clones of all shapes and sizes . With her nude photoshoots , the bondage angle and her defiance in the face of censorship , she was a precursor to the '70s feminist movement - '50s punk rock in heels and garters . Page has been the inspiration for dozens of songs all across the musical landscape , but it was the rockabilly guys that took to her the most ; not to mention female-fronted bands like the Horrorpops or even pop 's Katy Perry . Even Amy Winehouse 's look in the beginning was a derivative of Page .

4_13ecb.xml
She was the wholesome face of America 's kinky secret -- even if no one saw that face for half a century . Bettie Page , the notorious Southern gal-turned-dominatrix-turned pin-up-queen-turned born again Christian , died Thursday at age 85 . The details of her death are known: She had been hospitalized in Los Angeles for four weeks due to pneumonia , only to suffer from a heart attack . Far less is known of her life -- at least the last five decades of it . In 1957 , Page disappeared from the flash of the cameras and the public spotlight . She 'd found religion , became a recluse , and lost contact with friends and associates . But in the short time she donned panties and garters , brandished a whip and a whip-smart attitude , she was the queen of kink . Page , you see , was to erotica what Elvis was to rock 'n ' roll . No , she was n't the first pin-up . She was n't even the best looking . But she had `` that thing '' that could take what was once a dark art form into the American mainstream . Unlike Elvis , though , Page never got bloated . She checked out in her prime . She did n't even allow to have her photo taken . She remained frozen in time . Yet , her image continues to strut its black stilettos through pop culture . `` Bettie Page '' remains short-hand for a haircut , an image and a cult that includes everyone and everything -- from designer Vivienne Westwood to rockabilly hounds to hot-rodders , comic books , Madonna , Goths , neo-burlesque performers and devil-may-care types . The Nashville , Tenn. , girl never imagined she 'd ever stir such a fuss . `` She looked so fresh and wholesome , '' said Bunny Yeager , whose photographs of Page appeared in virtually every men 's magazine in the nineteen fifties . `` She was n't trying to be seductive ; she was the girl next door . '' One big difference between Page and most neighbors , said Yeager: `` She felt more comfortable in the nude than in clothes . '' Her story of unintentional notoriety began in 1950 , when she boarded a Greyhound bound for Manhattan . Within months , her innocent face and curvy body made her the hit of the `` camera-club circuit . '' `` Back then , you 'd have a bunch of guys with cameras travel by bus to private houses to photograph girls , '' Yeager said . An aesthetic was born , one that mixed mundane suburbia with raw sexuality . By 1952 , Page was breaking taboos , posing with a ball strapped in her mouth , whip in hand and devilish look on face -- in photos and movies that featured stripping , spanking and faux lesbianism that straddled burlesque and pornography . Page was hardly tawdry , though , Yeager said . `` She was so at ease , so wholesome . '' The traits made a Page a natural in natural settings captured by Yeager , who met Page in 1954 . Yeager 's shots of her in a jungle swimsuit with two cheetahs are '50s exotica par excellence : a mix of the innocence and the wild that shot through the veins of American sexuality , not to mention pin-up art , hot-rod aesthetics and tiki culture . Playboy magazine not only featured Page pictorials ; it adopted her `` girl next door '' charm as its manifesto . Page 's good-girl-bad-deed notoriety turned her into a Marilyn Monroe with black , wicked hair . Too wicked for the U.S. government , which condemned photos of her taken by Irving Klaw as `` obscene and lewd . '' The controversy drove Page from modeling and into the arms of Jesus . `` One night while walking the beach she saw a neon cross on a church and walked inside , '' Yeager said . She never walked out : Page became born again , moved to California , and disappeared from the pages and the public eye . But her image never stopped titillating . You see it in rock clubs , roller derby games , fashion shows . And you see it in an America 's own sexual conflicts -- a nation with a Puritanical past and a closet full of sin . Even in death , Bettie Page is the missing link between the two .

4_14ecb.xml
Pinup icon Bettie Page died Thursday evening at a hospital in Los Angeles after having suffered a heart attack on Dec. 2 and spending time on life support , according to her official site . Page was born on April 22 , 1923 , in Nashville , Tenn . She began modeling in 1950 when she met New York City police officer and photographer Jerry Tibbs . According to Page 's official website , by 1951 she was appearing in the men 's magazines Eyefull , Wink , Titter , and Beauty Parade . In 1955 , Hugh Hefner asked Page to pose in a Playboy centerfold , a move that would help her seal her popularity and financial security decades later . Page ended her modeling career in 1957 after turning to Christianity . Despite never posing in sexually explicit poses ( only nude photos ) , Page became an unwitting sex symbol and a face of the sexual revolution in the nineteen sixties . Her popularity rose again in the early 1990s but her insecurities kept her out of the spotlight . She wanted her fans to remember her as she was in her heyday . Adding to her bewilderment was the fact that this new popularity surge happened while Page was institutionalized in a Southern California mental facility after attacking a woman with a knife . When she was released in 1992 , she found herself in the spotlight again , thanks in part to a movie called The Rocketeer , which played off of pulp fiction characters of the 30s and 40s , including the image of Bettie Page . In spite of her renewed popularity , Page was n't receiving any royalty payments from her images . Page signed on with agent James Swanson , who in turn set her up with Curtis Management Group , who fought to get her the pay she deserved . Page came out of hiding in 2003 when she agreed to be photographed for Playboy . This was her last public photograph . Several biographies have been made , including her official biography Bettie Page: The Life of a Pin-up Legend , and a biography by Richard Foster called The Real Bettie Page: The Truth about the Queen of Pinup . A movie called `` The Notorious Bettie Page '' was released in 2005 , which told the pinup 's story between the 1930s and the nineteen fifties . Today , women still love to emulate her old-fashioned look , specifically her long black hair with bangs and red lipstick. Some people feel as if these women are unoriginal and failed to find an identity of their own , while others see this as the ultimate form of flattery . Page was survived by her sister Joyce Wallace of Georgia , and her brother Jack Page , who lives in Nashville , Tennessee .

4_1ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the pin-up model whose seductive photographs in magazines titillated and outraged Americans in the 1950s , has died , her agent said . She was 85 . `` With deep personal sadness I must announce that my dear friend and client Bettie Page passed away at 6:41pm PST this evening ( 0241 GMT Friday ) in a Los Angeles hospital , '' her agent Mark Roesler said Thursday in a statement . Page suffered a heart attack nine days earlier and never regained consciousness . `` She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , '' Roesler said . Page , with shoulder-length jet-black hair and bangs , combined sweetness and sexuality in a series of now-legendary posters and photographs in the 1950s , including as one of the inaugural centerfolds in Hugh Heffner 's new magazine Playboy , which named her `` the model of the century . '' The nice-naughty image -- a sweet and beguiling smile matched with a curvacious figure and Page 's propensity for burlesque films and bondage images -- proved highly combustible on the eve of America 's sexual revolution . In the late 1950s Page became one of the most photographed women in the world , and her popularity soared even as she left the limelight nearly half a century ago . Page later said she was puzzled by her effect on pop culture . `` I have no idea why I 'm the only model who has had so much fame so long after quitting work , '' she told the Los Angeles Times in 2006 . In her old age , she refused to be photographed , preserving her mythic status . `` I want to be remembered , as I was when I was young and in my golden times ... I want to be remembered as the woman who changed people 's perspectives concerning nudity in its natural form . '' Born in 1923 in Nashville , Tennessee , Bettie Mae Page was one of six children from an impoverished family . After earning her university degree , she worked as a secretary and aspired to Hollywood stardom but never made it as an actress . A screen test at 20th Century Fox went badly , with a producer offering her a break in return for sexual favors -- she refused . Filmmaker and aviator Howard Hughes also doggedly pursued Page but she rebuffed him as well . `` I never returned any of his calls , '' she once said . `` I guess people will say I made a mistake . But sex is part of love , and you should n't go around doing it unless you are in love . I certainly did n't . '' She posed for her first pin-up photos in 1947 and by the 1950s provocative pictures of her in bikinis or sexy lingerie were wildly popular , tacked up on the walls of locker rooms , student halls , offices and military barracks . Although the pictures -- which sometimes played on bondage themes -- seem tame by contemporary standards , they raised alarms in a more conservative era , prompting US senators to investigate pornography . Page was subpoenaed to appear before a senate committee headed by prominent Democrat Estes Kefauver but in the end never had to testify . For Page , the bondage photos were harmless fun . `` But honestly , who could take any of this seriously ? '' she said years later , according to her official website . `` I never understood how anyone believed those poses were sexy . To be tied up ? I do n't get it . '' By 1958 , at the peak of her fame , Page vanished from public view and her modeling days ended . She became a born-again Christian but struggled with marital problems and suffered from depression and violent mood swings . In 1992 , she left a California mental hospital having been diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic . In the 1990s , a lawyer who later became her agent , Mark Roesler , used Page 's famous images for a lucrative licensing and merchandising deal that helped her financially and renewed her fame . The merchandise , including a clothing line , along with a film in 2005, `` The Notorious Bettie Page , '' helped introduce her to a new generation in the United States and abroad . `` She was reclusive and private , so without intending to be , without quite understanding how , her modeling work made her a pivotal figure in the sexual revolution that began in the 1950s , '' Roesler said .

4_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . buenosairesherald . com article 132929 hollywood ’ s - mermaid - esther - williams - dies - Friday , June 7 , 2013 Hollywood ’ s mermaid Esther Williams dies Champion swimmer turned top box - office draw in 40s and 50s Esther Williams , the swimming champion turned actress who starred in glittering and aquatic Technicolour musicals of the 1940s and 1950s , has died . She was 91 . Williams , whose experiences as a young swimming champion led to a career of Hollywood “ aqua - musicals ” designed just for her , died yesterday in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 91 , her spokesman said . She died peacefully in her sleep and had been in declining health due to old age , spokesman Harlan Boll said . It was the pool — and wartime pinup pictures of her in bathing suits — that made her popular . Williams in a bathing suit became a favourite pinup of US people in World War II , and her popularity continued afterward .

4_2ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the raven-haired pin-up whose naughty-but-nice romps with whips , garters and high heels titillated a generation of young men in the post-war years , has died at the age of 85 after suffering a heart attack earlier this month and slipping into a coma . Her career , which some claim laid the foundations for the sexual revolution that swept America in the 1960s , started almost by accident after she discovered that posing for amateur photographers in provocative poses and risque attire made her more money than secretarial work . Ms Page 's fame was set after she was adopted by Irving Klaw and his sister , Paula , in 1951 . The couple ran a Manhattan mail order business offering dirty pictures . Later , she was featured by Playboy as a centrefold , including a 1955 image of her winking under a Santa hat . `` Bettie was one of the magazine 's early Playmates , and became an iconic figure , influencing notions of beauty and fashion , '' Hugh Hefner , the magazine 's founder , said on hearing of her death . `` Her passing is very sad . '' Ms Page disappeared for decades at the end of the Fifties , suffering serial broken marriages and devoting herself to Christianity . Even in her twilight years she suffered bouts of depression and ill health but was rediscovered in the late nineteen eighties . She would occasionally make public appearances to sign photographs of herself as popular interest in her suddenly took off again . To her astonishment , Ms Page has recently attained cult status . Madonna , Uma Thurman and Demi Moore are among contemporary stars who have at some time adopted Bettie Page poses , while in 2006 a movie , The Notorious Bettie Page , featured Gretchen Mol in the title role . Ms Page had been admitted to hospital originally for treatment for pneumonia and was set to be released and sent home on 2 December when she suffered her heart attack . A representative said she never recovered consciousness and died late on Thursday . `` She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , '' her agent , Mark Roesler , said yesterday . `` She is the embodiment of beauty . '' Even though she conceded to the occasional public event , she never agreed to having her photograph taken again . `` I do n't want to be photographed in my old age , '' she said in 1998 . `` I feel the same way with old movie stars . It makes me sad . We want to remember them when they were young . '' After her early career peaked , Ms Page became exhibit number one in a congressional hearing into so-called immoral activities in Washington . The controversy prompted her disappearance from public view . It was while living in Florida that she had her born-again experience and committed herself to the church and to the ministry of the Rev Billy Graham . In her later years , she defended the trade she pioneered . `` I never thought it was shameful . I felt normal . It was better than pounding a typewriter eight hours a day , which gets monotonous , '' she told Playboy in 1998 . As for being featured undressed , that seemed fine too . `` God approves of nudity , '' she said . `` Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden , they were naked as jaybirds . ''

4_2ecbplus.xml
http : articles . chicagotribune . com 2013 - 06 - 06 entertainment sns - rt - us - usa - estherwilliamsbre95511g - 20130606 _ 1 _ esther - williams - water - ballets - bathing - suits Hollywood's Mermaid , Esther Williams dies at 91 June 06 , 2013 Esther Williams , whose experiences as a young swimming champion led to a career of Hollywood "aqua - musicals" designed just for her , died on Thursday in Beverly Hills , California , at the age of 91 , her spokesman said . Williams , one of the biggest box - office stars of the 1940s and 1950s , died peacefully in her sleep and had been in declining health due to old age , spokesman Harlan Boll said . It was the pool - and wartime pinup pictures of her in bathing suits - that made her popular .

4_3ecb.xml
Bettie Page , whose trademark raven hair and risque lingerie and bondage pin-up photos made her a cult favorite , died Thursday night at a Los Angeles hospital - nine days after suffering a heart attack . She was 85 . Page was born Betty Mae Page in Nashville , Tennessee on April 22 , 1923 . Smart and ambitious as a teenager , she was the salutatorian of her high school graduation class and was voted `` Most Likely to Succeed . '' She earned a scholarship to attend George Peabody College , where she studied acting . Page 's famous pin-up days lasted from 1951-1957 , where her slinky , curvy and scantily-clad or nude body graced magazines including Wink , Beauty Parade , Twitter and Playboy . The Heff crowned Page Playmate of the Month in January of 1955 . The same year she was also named , `` Miss Pinup Girl of the World . '' Her photo and film work often depicted Page in pin-up , bondage or sadomasochistic themes , including the iconic ( and highest selling ) images of the model shown gagged and bound in a web of ropes from the Leopard Bikini Bound film . Heffner told the AP on Thursday , `` I think that she was a remarkable lady , an iconic figure in pop culture who influenced sexuality , taste in fashion , someone who had a tremendous impact on our society ... She was a very dear person . '' Page married twice ; the first marriage to Navy man Billy Neal lasted from 1943 to 1947 , and her second to Armond Walterson in 1958 to 1963 . After the collapse of her second marriage , she suffered a nervous breakdown and soon after became a born-again Christian . After attending Bible school , she wanted to serve as a missionary but was turned down because she had been divorced . Instead , she worked full-time for evangelist Billy Graham 's ministry . Bettie 's life and photos enjoyed a revival of interest in 1976 with the publishing of the book , A Nostalgic Look at Bettie Page . Page was also celebrated in the 2006 HBO movie , The Notorious Bettie Page , starring Gretchen Mol .

4_3ecbplus.xml
http : cir . ca news esther - williams - obituary Esther Williams , who swam to stardom in the 1940's , dies at 91 JUNE 6 , 2013 11 : 34PM Pinup girl Williams was the star of WWII - era "aquatic musicals" and helped make the sport of synchronized swimming popular .

4_4ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the 1950s pin-up model who helped set the stage for the 1960s sexual revolution , has died . She was 85 . Her agent , Mark Roesler , said Page died yesterday at a Los Angeles hospital after suffering a heart attack on December 2 . She never regained consciousness . Page , who became religious and suffered depression in later life , spending years in a mental institution , inspired the 2005 film The Notorious Bettie Page . She became a cult figure for magazine photographs of her bikinis and see-through lingerie , which were tacked on walls across the US . After resurfacing in the 1990s , she occasionally granted interviews but refused to allow her picture to be taken . `` I do n't want to be photographed in my old age , '' she said in 1998 . `` I feel the same way with old movie stars ... It makes me sad . We want to remember them when they were young . '' Her photos included a centrefold in the January 1955 issue of the then fledgling Playboy magazine , as well as controversial sadomasochistic poses . The latter helped contribute to her mysterious disappearance from the public eye , which lasted for decades and included years during which she battled mental illness and became a born-again Christian . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said: `` She was a remarkable lady , an iconic figure in pop culture who influenced sexuality , taste in fashion , someone who had a tremendous impact on our society . She was a very dear person . '' Roesler said Page had been in hospital for three weeks with pneumonia and was about to be released when she suffered the heart attack on December 2 . Her career began in October 1950 when she took a break from her job as a secretary in a New York office to take a walk along the beach at Coney Island . An amateur photographer named Jerry Tibbs admired the 27-year-old 's firm , curvy body and asked her to pose . Looking back on the career that followed , she told Playboy in 1998: `` I never thought it was shameful . I felt normal . It 's just that it was much better than pounding a typewriter eight hours a day . '' Nudity did n't bother her , she said , explaining: `` God approves of nudity . Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden , they were naked as jaybirds . '' They cut her hair into the dark bangs that became her signature and posed her in spiked heels and little else . She was photographed with a whip in her hand , and in one session she was spreadeagled between two trees , her feet dangling . `` I thought my arms and legs would come out of their sockets , '' she said later . Moralists denounced the photos as perversion , and senator Estes Kefauver of Tennessee , Page 's home state , launched a congressional investigation . Page quickly retreated from public view , later saying she was hounded by federal agents who waved her nude photos in her face . And she said she believed that , at 34 , her days as `` the girl with the perfect figure '' were nearly over . She moved to Florida in 1957 and married a much younger man , after an early marriage to her high school sweetheart had ended in divorce . Her second marriage also failed , as did a third , and she suffered a nervous breakdown . Born on April 22 , 1923 , in Nashville , Tennessee , Page said she grew up in a family so poor `` we were lucky to get an orange in our Christmas stockings '' .

4_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . contactmusic . com news esther - williams - dies _ 3708023 Esther Williams - Esther Williams : "Million Dollar Mermaid" Swimmer And Actress Dies Aged 91 . 07 June 2013 Golden girl of screen and pool , Esther Williams , has died peacefully in her sleep aged 91 . It has been confirmed by publicist Harlan Boll that the 1940s Hollywood actress and record - setting swimmer , Esther Williams , died on 6th June in her sleep . Stunning Williams quickly achieved movie success and pin - up status , due to her swimmer's physique being regularly snapped in bathing suits .

4_5ecb.xml
Famous 1950s pin up star Betty Page has died in Los Angeles , aged 85 . The iconic model known for her provocative poses was credited for helping to pave the way for the sexual revolution of the nineteen sixties . She was admitted to hospital last month suffering from pnuemonia , and last week suffered a heart attack and never regained consciousness . Her agent Mark Roesler siad : `` With deep personal sadness I must announce that my dear friend and client Bettie Page passed away at 18:41 this evening ( 02:41 GMT Friday ) in a Los Angeles hospital '' . `` She captured the imagination of a generation with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality ... She is the embodiment of beauty '' . Hugh Hefner was reported as saying about Page: `` I think that she was a remarkable lady , an iconic figure in pop culture who influenced sexuality , taste in fashion , someone who had a tremendous impact on our society '' . Page was married three times but had no children .

4_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . hollywoodreporter . com news actress - esther - williams - dies - mgm - 564112 Actress Esther Williams Dies at 91 10 : 10 AM PDT 6 6 2013 The champion swimmer starred in such films as "Bathing Beauty , " "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" and "Million Dollar Mermaid . " Actress and champion swimmer Esther Williams , who showcased a combination of glamour and athleticism by starring in several spectacular and splashy MGM musicals of the 1940s and '50s , has died . She was 91 . Williams died peacefully in her sleep Thursday in Beverly Hills , family spokesman Harlan Boll announced .

4_6ecb.xml
Legendary pinup queen Bettie Page died of pneumonia at the age of 85 in a Los Angeles , California , hospital Thursday , a week after suffering a heart attack , according to her agent . Pinup queen Bettie Page was credited with helping to usher in the sexual revolution . `` She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , '' said agent Mark Roesler in a written statement . `` She is the embodiment of beauty . '' Page , said to be one of the most photographed people of the past century , became a recluse in recent decades . Yet , her images continued to be used around the world to market Bettie Page action figures , clothing lines and other merchandise . `` Her popularity as an underground , guilty pleasures phenomenon has continued to soar despite the fact that the reclusive Page disappeared almost a half century ago , leading many to believe that one of the most photographed individuals of the 20th century was already dead . '' Roesler said . The Web site , BettiePage.com , logs about 20 million hits a month , Roesler said . A TVGuide.com poll recently placed Bettie Page as the `` ultimate sex goddess , '' outscoring others such as Marilyn Monroe . Page was born to a poor family in Tennessee on April 22 , 1923 . While her birth certificate spelled her name `` Betty , '' she changed the spelling later in life to `` Bettie . '' At a time when few women pursued a college education , Page earned a bachelor of arts degree in education from Peabody College in Tennessee in 1944 , according to her official biography . Her teaching career , however , was hampered by her looks , she said . `` I could n't control my students , especially the boys , '' she is quoted as saying . After her modeling career ended , Page returned to Peabody College to work on a master 's degree , the bio said . Her Southern drawl and a refusal to sleep with a Hollywood producer hampered her acting career , according to her bio . `` I did n't like his looks , '' Page said . `` I would n't have gone to bed with him anyway . He was a creep . He drove off in his big car and scolded me, 'You 'll be sorry . ' I was n't . '' Page said she regretted not accepting studio boss Jack Warner 's offer of another screen-test , but it came while she was trying to save her marriage to her first husband , Billy Neal . Her modeling breakthrough began after she divorced Neal in 1947 when she met a police officer whose hobby was photography . He suggested the black bangs , which became her trademark , her bio said . Not long after , her images were everywhere , gracing magazine covers and locker pin-ups . Page wore nothing but a Santa hat in Playboy 's January 1955 centerfold . Playboy founder Hugh Hefner said her appearance in his magazine 's first year was a milestone . `` She became , in time , an American icon , her winning smile and effervescent personality apparent in every pose , '' Hefner said . `` A kinky connection was added by Irving Klaw 's spanking , fetish and bondage photos , which became part of the Bettie Page mystique , '' Hefner said . `` They were playful parodies that are now perceived as the early inspiration for Madonna 's excursions into the realm of sexual perversion . '' Perhaps the most memorable photos of Page were her bondage poses , which she said were all pretend . `` I never understood how anyone believed those poses were sexy , '' she later said . `` To be tied up ? I do n't get it . '' `` She was a remarkable woman , truly someone that changed the social norms , not only here in this country , but also around the world , '' Roesler said . `` While Jackie Robinson was changing the racial attitudes , Bettie Page was changing our attitudes on sex . She became a James Dean type of 'rebel ' figure as she allowed people to be less inhibited and look at sex in a different way . '' Saucy photos of Paige in skimpy clothing or none at all helped to lead the way for the sexual revolution of the nineteen sixties . Page suddenly disappeared from the scene in 1958 . It was only decades later revealed that she re-emerged to explain that she underwent a religious conversion and moved to Florida . Her life took a dark turn starting in 1978 after her third marriage failed , Roesler said . Page went through `` some mental instability , violent mood swings , and serious trouble with the law '' and was eventually diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic , according to her bio . Page reappeared in public in December 2003 for Playboy 's 50th anniversary party , where she made a grand entrance with Anna Nicole Smith . It was the only time in the past 50 years that Page allowed her photograph to be taken , Roesler said . A private funeral service is planned for Tuesday . Page will buried at Westwood Cemetery in Los Angeles , just a few feet away from Monroe .

4_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnews . com video nightly - news 52126262#52126262 June 06 , 2013 Esther Williams , swimming star , dies at 91

4_7ecb.xml
Bettie Page , the 1950s pinup girl whose natural looks and risque fetish poses triggered a cult following four decades after she turned her back on modeling , has died . She was 85 . Page died late yesterday in a Los Angeles hospital after suffering a heart attack more than a week ago , her agent Mark Roesler said in a statement . `` She captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality , '' said Roesler . `` She is the embodiment of beauty . '' The busty `` Dark Angel '' from Tennessee was one of the most- photographed women of her era , striking a chord with men 's camera clubs and sparking outrage in Congress for her nude snapshots . Page 's image , complete with black hair bangs and naughty smile , appeared on magazine covers , playing cards , wallpaper and comic books in the 1990s , inspiring retrospective tributes from celebrities such as Madonna , Demi Moore and Uma Thurman . The college-educated beauty queen who disappeared from the public eye after 1957 was unaware of her renewed popularity until `` Entertainment Tonight '' broadcast a television segment about her almost 40 years later . She had disowned her glamour lifestyle after becoming a born-again Christian in 1959 , and later battled mental illness in Florida and California . `` Bettie Page is the last great icon of the 1950s , '' James Swanson , co-author of `` Bettie Page: The Life of a Pinup Legend , '' said in a 1996 interview with NBC 's Real Life program . `` Like James Dean and Marilyn Monroe , she brought something modern to the era . She 's like the girl next door , the greatest American pin-up and that 's why she 's eternal. `` Early Years Bettie Mae Page was born on April 22 , 1923 , in Nashville , Tennessee . The second of six children , she helped raise her younger siblings while the family traveled around the U.S. in search of work . Page 's mother placed her daughters in an orphanage after divorcing her husband , who was sentenced to two years in an Atlanta penitentiary for stealing a policeman 's car . At the age of 10 , Page began to mimic actresses and perform songs for the other girls at the orphanage before her mother , who worked as a hairdresser during the day and in a laundry at night , reclaimed her children after a year . Page took refuge from her traumatic family life in local community centers , where she learned to cook , sew and study hard enough to top her class at high school . She was a member of the drama club , helped edit the school newspaper and was voted `` The Most Likely to Succeed . '' She won a $ 100 scholarship to Peabody College in Nashville , where she graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in education . Three Husbands In February 1943 , she married Billy Neal , the first of her three husbands , and moved to San Francisco , where she had her first modeling assignment for a local furrier . While Neal served in the Mariana Islands during World War II , Page lived in Nashville , Miami and Port au Prince , Haiti . In 1947 , she filed for divorce and moved to New York . Three years later while walking on Coney Island , she met police officer Jerry Tibbs who had an interest in photography and assembled Page 's first portfolio . Tibbs introduced her to camera clubs , men 's hobbyist groups that sometimes acted as a front for erotic photography , and Page 's career took off . She then appeared in publisher Robert Harrison 's girlie magazines Wink , Flirt and Beauty Parade . In January 1955 , she was the centerfold model in Hugh Hefner 's fledgling Playboy magazine , one month before actress Jayne Mansfield appeared as the publication 's Playmate . `` She had a saucy innocence that is both contemporary and provocative , and also nostalgic , '' Hefner said . Media Mogul Page , who claimed she ignored media mogul Howard Hughes 's request for a screen test in 1955 because she did n't want to sleep with him , also studied acting under Herbert Berghoff at Sea Cliff Summer Theater on Long Island . The apprenticeship helped her gain parts in New York stage productions and on television , once appearing on `` The Jackie Gleason Show . '' Some of her most celebrated snapshots were taken in 1954 during a session with photographer Bunny Yeager at the Africa USA wildlife park in Boca Raton , Florida . They included nude poses with two cheetahs and scenes in a leopard-patterned jungle outfit that she made herself . Her `` Dark Angel '' image stemmed from bondage and fetish sessions for Irving Klaw 's Movie Star News . Klaw , who paid $ 80 for four hours ' work at his studio in Greenwich Village , New York , required sadomasochistic shots to meet the demand of high- profile , educated clients . His sister Paula created the sets and helped Page develop the fetish image . 'Very Sweet ' `` Paula was one of the nicest women I 've ever known in my life , '' Page said . `` Only Paula was allowed to tie us up . She was very gentle , caring and considerate . She never tied any ropes too tight . She was very sweet . '' A Congressional investigation initiated by Tennessee Senator Estes Kefauver in 1955 called Page as a witness and put Klaw out of business , though he had no case to answer because his models were never nude . The evidence of obscenity had included more- explicit poses that Page had done for camera clubs after a drinking session one night at a party . The Congressional probe is said to have contributed to her decision to give up modeling . Throughout the 1960s , Page attended Bible schools in Los Angeles , Chicago and Oregon , helping teenage mothers and visiting jails . Her breakdown in 1972 after divorcing third husband Harry Lear led to four months ' treatment in Florida 's Jackson Memorial Hospital and 20 months in Patton State Hospital in San Bernardino , California . She also had numerous run-ins with the law , including a charge of assault with a deadly weapon after brandishing a knife at her landlady who did n't provide Page with rent receipts . Pop-Culture Revival Page 's pop-culture revival emanated from artwork by Robert Blue and Olivia de Berardinis , who drew on her fantasy and fetish work . David Stevens also featured Page in `` The Rocketeer '' comics from the early 1980s , prompting an avalanche of similar publications based on her persona . In later years , she lived in California and collected royalties from her work as a model after signing with Curtis Management Group . In 2005 , Time Warner Inc. and HBO Films released `` The Notorious Bettie Page , '' a feature film starring Gretchen Mol as Page . Page avoided the camera lens after her modeling years , though she was photographed with Hefner at Playboy 's 50th anniversary celebration in 2003 . `` I want people to remember me as I was , '' she said in a Playboy interview in 1998 . Page was divorced three times and had no children .

4_8ecb.xml
Bettie Page , one of entertainment 's original sex kittens , the 1950s pin-up queen who many credit with having paved the way for the sexual revolution of the following decade , passed away Thursday , December 11 , at age 85 . Bettie Page died Thursday of pneumonia at a Los Angeles area hospital , longtime agent Mark Roesler said . She had suffered a heart attack earlier in December and never regained consciousness . He said he and Page 's family agreed to take her off life support . Roesler described her as `` the embodiment of beauty , '' and enthused that she `` captured the imagination of a generation of men and women with her free spirit and unabashed sensuality . '' Bettie Page 's signature raven-black long hair , her bangs , the red lipstick , her full , seductively rounded body and her provocative poses made her into a bona fide pin-up queen in the nineteen fifties . Her fame endured throughout the decades , even after she retreated from the spotlight and struggled with mental illness , moved around the country and became a born-again Christian . She was born Betty Mae Page on April 22 , 1923 in Nashville , Tennessee , in an impoverished family with six children . Despite being confronted with an abusive father who eventually went to prison and having to live in orphanages at times , Page grew up a great fan of Hollywood movies and was successful in school , as salutatorian of her high school graduating class . Her classmates voted her `` Most Likely to Succeed . '' She received an arts degree with Peabody College in Nashville and started modeling in the 1940s after moving to San Francisco with her first husband . They divorced in 1947 and Page continued her modeling work in New York . As chance would have it , photos from a shoot with Miami photographer Bunny Yeager ended up in the pages of Playboy . This would forever change Page 's life , as she became on of the two-year-old magazine 's first centerfolds in the January 1955 issue . Kneeling before a Christmas tree , wearing a Santa hat and a playful wink ( and that 's all ) and holding a Christmas tree ornament , Playboy founder Hugh Hefner described the layout as `` a milestone in the history of the magazine . '' A few years later , Page modeled in bondage and sadomasochistic poses . This caused great controversy , as the photographs were criticized by some as perversion and a congressional investigation was launched into pornography . By the late 1950s , Bettie Page had virtually disappeared from the public eye , having retreated to focus on her own personal life . She became a born-again Christian and worked for Billy Graham 's ministry , among others . She married two more times yet both unions failed . Beginning with the 1970s , she battled mental illness and was diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic . During her retreat from the spotlight , Page was completely oblivious of the fascination she had ignited in the public . She made a comeback almost two decades later , signing memorabilia at conventions and occasionally granted interviews . She refused to have her photograph taken . Page had no children . A private funeral service will be held Tuesday , Dec. 16 , at Westwood Memorial Cemetery .

4_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2013 06 06 esther - williams - dead - dies _ n _ 3397642 . html Esther Williams Dead : Technicolor Star Dies At Age 91 06 06 13 07 : 05 PM ET EDT The self - described "Million Dollar Mermaid , " whose wholesome beauty , shapely figure and aquatic skills launched an entire genre of movies – the Technicolor "aqua musicals" – died Thursday at 91 . She also was a favorite swimsuit pinup for GI's in World War II , and a refreshing presence among MGM's stellar gallery – warm , breezy , with a frankness and self - deprecating humor that delighted interviewers . As news of her death spread Thursday , pinup shots of her circulated on Twitter . Lamas' son , actor Lorenzo Lamas , tweeted Thursday : "My stepmom Esther Williams passed peacefully this morning .

4_9ecb.xml
Many people were shocked and saddened to learn that beloved pin-up icon Bettie Page passed away yesterday in Los Angeles after lingering in a coma for a week following a heart attack . She was 85 . Personally , I was n't surprised because I thought she died several years ago . Page is best known by her fans for her risque bondage films and pictures , and her infamous sense of style , which continues to influence everyone from mortician Goth girls to rockabilly cholas in my high school to Dita Von Teese , who 's complete act is utterly ripped off from her . To me , she 'll always be the kooky , naive Christian portrayed by Gretchen Mol in The Notorious Bettie Page . But more than that , she was trailblazer for sexy unconventional women everywhere . Without her , the Suicide Girls would n't exist , although it 's questionable whether that 's a real loss . I chose the above picture to memorialize her because everyone loves monkeys . RIP Bettie ! I 'll drink a martini and listen to a Cramps song in your memory tonight .

4_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . kpopstarz . com articles 30409 20130606 esther - williams - dies - swimming - mourn . htm Esther Williams , Swimming Champion , Actress , Pin - Up Icon Dies ; Fans And Family Mourn June 6 , 2013 3 : 05 PM EDT Esther Williams , swimming champion , actress , and pin - up icon , has died . She was 91 . Williams , 91 , passed away early Thursday in her sleep , according to her publicist . Throughout WWII , she was a popular pinup for GIs , and her personality and self - deprecating wit kept her popular afterwards . Fans and family mourn her passing , but Williams had a long , full life .

