40_10ecb.xml
While Apple 's final keynote address at the annual MacWorld convention in San Francisco did n't contain the iPhone-related announcements many had hoped for , we were given all of the details on Apple 's latest revamp to their largest and most powerful MacBook Pro . Apple 's senior vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing , Philip Schiller , delivered the address and detailed the major revisions to the 17 '' MacBook Pro . First off , the 17 '' MacBook Pro will be , as Apple puts it , `` the world 's thinnest and lightest 17-inch notebook , '' coming in at less than an inch thick ( 0.98 '' to be precise ) and with an overall weight of 6.6 pounds . Like it 's smaller siblings that were given a facelift back in October , the new 17 '' MacBook Pro will utilize an aluminum unibody design that brings the behemoth notebook into the new , `` greener '' future . The new 17 '' MacBook Pro achieves EPEAT Gold status that identifies the device as an environmentally responsible solution . As part of its EPEAT Gold status , the new 17 '' model is reportedly free of many of the harmful toxins found in comparable notebooks that have adverse effects on the environment during disposal . As part of the new MacBook family , the 17 '' MacBook Pro incorporates an arsenic and mercury-free glass LED-backlit display . But beyond the environmental improvements , the biggest news regarding the latest MacBook Pro is its revolutionary battery system . Through the use of advanced chemistry , intelligent monitoring , adaptive charging technology , and a multi-cell design that Apple claims achieves three times the industry standard in battery life . The new battery system will deliver eight hours on a single charge and can be recharged up to 1,000 times in a single lifespan . On the performance side , the 17 '' MacBook Pro has similar performance specs to previous MacBook Pro models . The processor , memory , and drive specs on the new model are as follows: The new model incorporates all of the usual MacBook Pro luxuries , such as built-in iSight , three USB ports , mini-display port output , a FireWire 800 port , and ExpressCard/34 support . Similar to the other MacBook models , the trackpad has been updated to incorporate Apple 's new multi-touch gestures and buttonless design . The new 17 '' MacBook Pro will come in one default configuration with a MSRP of $ 2,799 , however , users will be able to upgrade their notebook with Apple 's built-to-order program . Optional upgrades include a 8GBs of DDR3 memory , a 320GB hard drive , a 128GB or 256GB solid state drive , and various display output alternatives . If the glass LED-backlit display causes too much glare for you , Apple also offers an anti-glare display on the 17 '' MacBook Pro for $ 50 extra . The new 17 '' MacBook Pro will be shipping at the end of this month .

40_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . cultofmac . com 172662 new - 13 - inch - 15 - inch - macbook - pro - spec - upgrade - ivy - bridge - usb - 3 - wwdc12 New 13 - Inch , 15 - Inch MacBook Pro Spec Upgrade : Ivy Bridge , USB 3 [ WWDC12 ] ( 10 : 27 am PDT , Jun 11th 2012 ) Following a refresh to the MacBook Air lineup , Apple's Phil Schiller unveiled a revamped MacBook Pro today at WWDC12 . The updated machine boasts Intel Ivy Bridge 2 . 7GHz ( turbo boosted up to 3 . 7GHz ) , USB 3 . 0 , Nvidia GeForce GT 650m graphics , and 7 hours of battery life . The 13 - inch MacBook Pro spec upgrade costs $1199 , while the 15 - inch will sell for $1499 . The 15 - inch is offered in $1799 and $2199 models with beefier quad - core chips . The outwards design of these upgraded MacBook Pros have stayed the same . This isn't the revolutionary MacBook Pro the rumor mill suggested , but that's because this notebook isn't the only laptop Apple announced for the MacBook Pro lineup today . There's also a revolutionary new MacBook Pro with a thinner profile and Retina display .

40_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . nbcnews . com technology apple - unveils - latest - macbook - pros - ios - 6 - iphone - ipad - 823346 Apple unveils latest MacBook Pros , iOS 6 for iPhone and iPad June 11 , 2012 at 12 : 36 PM ET After a witty intro by Siri herself , Apple CEO Tim Cook took the stage in San Francisco to welcome developers and announce new stuff . Cook had a lot to say about the success of the app program , with 30 billion downloads of 650 , 000 distinct apps worldwide . Once Cook rattled off the specs , they played a video about the success of apps , from one that a blind man built to help seeing - impaired people get around , to the successful Airbnb , a place for couch surfers to find homes away from home , to a speech therapy tool for iPad that's helping a little girl learn how to communicate . It may be marketing , but parts are truly touching . Needless to say , the developers applauded profusely . "We would like to thank everyone in the developer community for the incredible apps that you've done for us , " says Cook . New MacBooks Next , global marketing VP Phil Schiller announced updates to the MacBook line . The MacBook Air gets 3rd - gen Core chips , up to 2GHz dual - core i7 . It also gets storage up to 512 GB Flash storage , with 2x read speed . And it gets USB 3 . 0 and a 720p camera . The new models start shipping today . The 13 - inch and 15 - inch MacBook Pros get Ivy Bridge processors , a new - generation GeForce graphics card and USB 3 . 0 , while the prices stay the same . But the big news is the "next generation" MacBook Pro , which is about as thin as a MacBook Air , with a 15 - inch "retina display" of 2880 x 1800 pixels . It's ridiculously gorgeous and thin . But it's not just about the display and thinness . There's a quad - core i7 chip up to 2 . 7GHz ; up to 16GB of RAM ; the new GeForce Kepler graphics and 768GB of internal flash storage . YOW ! Battery life sounds right : 7 hours on a charge , with 30 days of standby . And as for ports : SD , HDMI , USB 3 , a new MagSafe 2 and two Thunderbolts ports . There is no optical drive . Read into that what you will , but clearly Apple will not be supporting Blu - ray anytime soon ( or ever ) . Adobe , Autodesk and others are developing apps to work with the new retina display . ( Aside to the creative people : Hooray for Photoshop being in sync with Mac development ! ) OS X 10 . 8 Mountain Lion After the pulse - racing MacBook unveiling , Apple execs took things down a notch to discuss features of OS X 10 . 8 , Mountain Lion , including drill - down on stuff that has already been revealed . For a quick look at those features , have a look here . Some awesome ones include Messages , dictation , sharing and AirPlay mirroring , which lets you send up to 1080p video from Mac to Apple TV . The new Safari is great : You can click a cloud icon to see tabs open on other devices such as iPads and iPhones , and if you zoom out , each tab becomes a thumbnail , so you can easily get to the tab you want . Mountain Lion will launch next month , and will cost $19 . 99 . We've got more details on Mountain Lion's upcoming release here . iOS 6 for iPhone and iPad Following Mountain Lion , SVP of iOS software Scott Forstall took the stage to unveil iOS 6 , something that had been somewhat confirmed , but without any details . First on his agenda was Siri : "In eight months , Siri has been studying up and learning a lot , " says Forstall . Now , in iOS 6 , you can ask score of last Giants game , even batting average of a given player , team standings . Impressive ( if it works in my house ) . Forstall : "Who is taller , Lebron or Kobe ? " Siri : "Lebron James appears to be slightly taller . " In addition to sports , Siri does more with restaurant details , and is partnered with Yelp for reviews and OpenTable for reservations . Yes , you can make dinner reservations with Siri . Good news for a food person like myself . For movies , Rotten Tomatoes reviews are integrated , and you can tap inside Siri to watch trailers . Best of all , Siri can now launch apps . New driving mode for Siri : "Eyes free , " says Forstall . Button on steering wheel of some car manufacturers including GM , Toyota , Honda , Land Rover , Audi , Mercedes Benz and BMW . Siri will also speak 15 languages including Korean , Italian , Mandarin and Cantonese . Facebook integration is next . Integrated within iOS 6 ( photos , calendars , contacts , etc . ) and even the App Store and iTunes , where you can like stuff , instead of Pinging it like nobody does now . Forstall says Facebook is coming to Mac OS , too , though it wasn't mentioned earlier . Apple is building its own mapping service , complete with fresh maps of the whole globe , plus built - in turn - by - turn navigation , so you don't need a third - party app anymore . There's also crowd - sourced traffic data ( anonymously gathered , says Apple ) tied into the service , so you have realistic ETAs and smart routing . There's also a beautiful new photo mapping feature called "Flyover" which lets you view major landmarks in 3 - D . Not sure if they've got your house in there , but it's gorgeous to look upon . More iOS 6 stuff , in rapid succession : "Reply with message" - gives you the option to send canned messages to callers . Also a "Remind me later" feature with time and geo - tagged reminders for ignored calls . "Do Not Disturb" - Phone won't bother you with calls and alerts , includes plenty of control ( no calls at all or just calls from favorites , etc ) . FaceTime enabled over cellular with iOS 6 . Apple is unifying phone numbers and Apple IDs - - you can now answer calls on iPad or Mac - - it's huge news but apt to depress the mobile carriers . In mobile Safari , there's now photo updating , and there's now more cross - talk between apps and browser . Shared Photo Stream - - think Instagramm style comments and integration with Mac , iPhone , Apple TV etc . VIP contacts and a "flagged" mailbox for the most important people in your life . Insert photos and video into mail more easily . Single App Mode and Guided Access let you lock people into one app , for parental control , education , testing , museum tours , etc . Forstall introduced a whole new app , too , called Passbook . Codes for boarding passes ( United , Amtrak ) , store cards ( Starbucks , Target ) , tickets ( Fandango , SF Giants ) , reservations ( W Hotels ) , etc . are all collected in one app . When you visit the store or venue , the app automatically pulls up the right card . And when you're done with a given card , there's a cute shredding animation .

40_1ecb.xml
After weeks of speculation about what would be introduced at Macworld , Apple Inc. took the wraps off of updated iTunes and iLife software and unveiled a 17-inch MacBook Pro on Tuesday . The Cupertino , Calif.-based company ( NASDAQ : AAPL ) said iTunes songs will now have three-tiered pricing : 69 cents , 99 cents and $ 1.29 , depending on how new or desirable the songs are judged to be . All songs offered on iTunes Plus will be free of digital rights management software . Users of the popular iTunes service will now also be able to download music over WiFi and 3G networks on the iPhone . Apple claims that its new MacBook Pro is the thinnest and lightest 17-inch notebook computer available . Its new battery can run for up to eight hours on a charge and can be rechagred up to 1,000 times , the company said . The new notebook is expected to ship in late January with a price tag of $ 2,799 for the base model that will have 4 gigabytes of RAM and a 320 gigabyte hard drive . The new version of iLife includes changes to its photo , movie and music software . The updated iPhoto lets users tag photos according to who is in them or where they were taken . The Places feature either picks up the tag from a camera 's GPS system or the information can be put in manually . The new iPhoto software also supports photos tagging at social networking sites Facebook and Flickr . The second revamped iLife offering unveiled at Apple 's keynote Tuesday morning was a new version of iMovie , which allows new drag-and-drop editing features , video stabilization , built-in themes and animated travel maps . ILife 's new version of Garageband music software adds HD video tutorials for guitar and piano taught by pop stars including Sting and Norah Jones . Apple also rolled out an updated version of iWork that includes a new online service that lets users share documents over the Web . Delivering the keynote address at the Macworld trade show was Apple 's top marketing executive , Philip Schiller , who spoke in the place of CEO Steve Jobs . On Monday Jobs ended weeks of new speculation about his health with an open letter saying that he has a hormonal imbalance that has caused him to lose weight . Last month Apple said Jobs would n't be making his highly-anticipated annual appearance at the show , a report that renewed rumors about his health that surfaced when he appeared gaunt earlier in the year .

40_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . engadget . com 2012 06 11 stub - apple - unveils - new - macbook - pro - with - ivy - bridge - at - wwdc Apple unveils new MacBook Pro with Ivy Bridge at WWDC posted Jun 11th , 2012 at 1 : 23 PM Apple is certainly making WWDC a hardware conference this year - - it just unveiled a refresh of the existing MacBook Pro running Intel's newer Ivy Bridge processors on the San Francisco gathering's opening day . The 13 - and 15 - inch portables run up to 2 . 7GHz quad Core i7s ( turbo up to 3 . 7GHz ) , carry up to 8GB of RAM and have GeForce GT 650M - based graphics 60 percent faster than the previous generation . Like the new MacBook Air , they tout USB 3 . 0 ports . If you're more comfortable with Apple's conventional MacBook Pro design than the new variety , Apple will ask $1 , 099 for the base 13 - inch version and $1 , 799 for a 15 - inch version , with an upgraded 15 - inch model going for $2 , 199 . All of them are shipping today - - we're not seeing any mention of an updated 17 - inch version , so it may have been cast aside .

40_2ecb.xml
Apple 's big announcement at Macworld yesterday was not a new iMac , Mini or netbook , all of which had been rumoured , but a battery . The firm announced a widely expected refresh of its 17in MacBook Pro , with a battery that the firm said will offer eight hours of operation , but which is not removable from the case . The battery , based on conventional lithium polymer technology commonly found in laptops and mobile phones , has been integrated into the case to make the device thinner while increasing battery life , according to Apple senior vice president of marketing Phil Schiller . Apple has also introduced a separate chip that monitors the power used by each cell and adjusts the charging current accordingly , which the firm says extends the life of the battery . The Macworld crowd did not let out its characteristic whoops of excitement when Schiller announced the battery , even when he said that its capacity for 1,000 full recharges - three times the average achieved by other notebooks - would give the average battery a five-year life . However , one Mac customer from the show floor was sceptical of the claims . `` Apple says five years , but for some it might only be two or three , '' he said . `` Look at the way guys like us travel . '' Apple will offer a p135 take-back and replacement service for the battery . The keynote was decidedly low-key this year , being Apple 's last following a decision to pull out from the IDG-run show . Other than the MacBook Pro , the company concentrated on enhancements to its iWork package , including a beta version of iwork.com . The service lets users share iWork files , including those in Microsoft Office format , and to comment on each other 's work . Glaringly absent at Macworld were refreshes of the now ageing Mac Mini and the iMac desktop lines .

40_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . theverge . com 2012 6 11 3078122 new - apple - macbook - air - wwdc - 2012 New MacBook Air models officially unveiled with Ivy Bridge upgrade As rumored , new 11 - inch and 13 - inch MacBook Air models have just been officially announced by Apple at WWDC 2012 . Unsurprisingly , Apple is keeping pace with competitors with the addition of Ivy Bridge to its slimmest line of laptops . The 11 - inch models will start at $999 with a 1 . 7GHz dual - core Intel Core i5 processor , 4GB RAM , integrated Intel HD 4000 graphics , 64GB flash storage , and 5 hours of battery life , with a higher - tier model for $1099 that contains 128GB of flash storage . The 13 - inch models start at $1 , 199 and include the same 1440 x 900 display as the previous models , along with a 1 . 8GHz dual - core i5 processor , 4GB of RAM , the same graphics as the 11 - inch model , and 128GB of storage . $1499 will get you an extra 256GB of storage ; specs are the same otherwise . Apple has also opted to include a pair of USB 3 . 0 ports in its new Air lineup . Apple says the new 11 - inch and 13 - inch Macbook Air models are available now .

40_3ecb.xml
Apple on Tuesday launched a refresh of the 17-inch MacBook Pro , giving the company 's largest laptop an eight-hour battery life , a faster Intel ( NSDQ : INTC ) processor , and better graphics capabilities . The upgraded product was the only hardware announcement at the opening Macworld keynote , which was delivered by Phil Schiller , senior VP for worldwide product marketing at Apple . Breaking with tradition , the company announced late last month that co-founder and chief executive Steve Jobs would not kick off the trade show . In addition , Apple stunned the industry by saying this year would be its last appearance at Macworld . The absence of Jobs led many analysts to believe that Apple would not make any major product announcements , and the prediction turned out to be correct , particularly in terms of hardware . The MacBook was the only Apple computer to get an upgrade , which is sure to disappoint fans who had also hoped for updates to the company 's Mac Mini and Apple TV . Apple observers had expected the refresh of the 17-inch MacBook Pro , given that it was left out of Apple 's notebook event in October , when the company launched updates of the 15-inch and 13.3-inch systems . But while some analysts said the larger laptop could get a big speed boost with an Intel quad-core processor , Apple stuck with an Intel dual-core chip , which has been upgraded to a 2.66-GHz Core 2 Duo processor with 6 MB of on-chip L2 cache . Buyers also have the option of a 2.93-GHz Core 2 Duo processor . But the most innovative feature in the upgrade is a new battery that Apple claims will last up to eight hours on a single charge and can be recharged up to 1,000 times , which means up to a five-year lifespan . RivalsDell ( Dell ) and Hewlett-Packard ( NYSE : HPQ ) last year introduced laptops with similar battery life on a single charge . The Apple battery achieves its better performance by using custom-designed lithium-polymer cells that are 40 % larger than the previous generation . However , to fit the battery in the system , Apple has made it nonremovable , which may turn off some potential buyers . Because of the extended lifespan of the battery , Apple says the MacBook is more environmentally friendly than the previous generation , since the power supply does n't have to be replaced so often . The notebook is less than an inch thick , weighs 6.6 pounds , and features a light-emitting diode screen with a $ 50 anti-glare option . In addition , the system comes with an Nvidia GeForce 9400M integrated graphics processor and a discrete Nvidia 9600M GT processor . Switching to the latter gives better graphics performance at the expense of about an hour of battery life .

40_3ecbplus.xml
http : pandawhale . com post 2180 apple - unveils - new - macbook - pro - with - ivy - bridge - at - wwdc Apple unveils new MacBook Pro with Ivy Bridge at WWDC ? Apple is certainly making WWDC a hardware conference this year - - it just unveiled a new MacBook Pro running Intel's newer Ivy Bridge processors on the San Francisco gathering's opening day . ? I have used a broken mouse on my MacBook Pro for > 6 months in anticipation of this . . . . now if that pesky store . apple . com would just come back online !

40_4ecb.xml
With a 17-inch MacBook Pro update unveiled at today 's Macworld 2009 keynote , Apple has finally brought an entire line of Mac portables into view . The largest member of the MacBook family now comes with a faster front-side bus and processor , Nvidia graphics , DisplayPort interconnect with HDCP content protection , LED-backlit glossy display , and all of it wrapped up inside Apple 's unibody aluminum enclosure with glass trackpad . For the first time ever , Apple is also offering a 256GB SDD upgrade , while creative pros get to order anti-glare display version of the computer . But everybody was expecting this . What was never dreamed of is eight hours of battery life that powers this beast - up from five hours before . The added juice comes from a 40 % larger battery and a chip inside that `` talks '' to each cell and adjusts the current accordingly . This results in three times the number of charges and lifespan of the industry standard . The rumor mill was way off this year when it predicted a $ 600 Mac netbook or iPhone nano as Apple 's `` one more thing '' for Macworld 2009 . Instead , Apple 's vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller , appointed by Steve Jobs to deliver the keynote presentation in his absence , saved the new 17-inch MacBook Pro as the company 's last surprise . Apple calls the 17-inch MacBook Pro the `` world 's lightest and thinnest 17-inch notebook , '' and it is n't exaggerating . The computer is just 0.98-inches thin and weighs 6.6 pounds. The 17-inch MacBook Pro represents a marriage of all the technologies used to build other unibody Macbooks and a large 17-inch display for applications that require lots of screen real estate , like video editing and graphics design on-the-go . The machine features LED-backlit glossy display that lights up instantly when the lid is open , unlike warm up time required for the LCD cells . It also features built-in iSight camera and 1920 x 1200 resolution - that 's 78 percent more pixels than the 15-inch MacBook Pro and enough to display full 1080p HD content with room to spare . In addition , it has a 700:1 contrast ratio and 60 % greater color gamut . As was expected , the machine now relies exclusively on Mini DisplayPort interconnect with HDCP copy protection technology , and it comes with glass trackpad and illuminated keyboard , all wrapped in a sturdy unibody alluminum enclosure . The new 17-inch MacBook Pro includes an ultra-thin , widescreen glossy 1920 x 1200 display with 78 % more pixels than the 15-inch MacBook Pro and a 60 % greater color gamut that delivers desktop-quality color in a notebook . The LED-backlit display has brilliant instant-on performance , uses up to 30 % less energy and eliminates the mercury found in industry standard fluorescent tube backlights . A faster 1066 MHz front-side bus and newer generation of Intel Core 2 Duo processor with 6MB shared L2 cache , clocked at 2.66 GHz , bring an evolutionary speed increase over the previous model . The notebook ships with 4GB of 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , expandable to 8GB ; onboard graphics is the same ( Nvidia GeForce 9400M and 9600M GT combo ) as used in the 15-inch unibody MacBook Pro models . The latter discreet chip comes with 512MB GDDR3 video memory and can be turned on to boost graphics performance when needed , albeit at the expense of battery . But when it comes to battery , the lithium polymer one inside the 17-inch MacBook Pro squeezes up to 8 hours of runtime . Apple said it created 40 % larger environment-friendly battery without taxing computer 's sleek form factor . The battery features adaptive charging technology and comes with a chip inside that talks to each cell to adjust the current accordingly , resulting in a three times the charges and lifespan of the industry standard . `` We 've developed new battery technology that is better for the user and better for the environment , '' said Apple CEO Steve Jobs . `` Apple 's advanced chemistry and innovative technology deliver up to eight hours of use on a full charge cycle and up to 1,000 recharges . '' The company claims that a `` properly maintained '' battery in this notebook will retain 80 % or more of its original capacity during a lifespan of up to 1,000 recharge cycles . Connectivity options include wireless 802.11n networking courtesy of the built-in AirPort Extreme card , a Bluetooth 2.1 + EDR module and Gigabit Ethernet . The machine also has one FireWire 800 port for connecting video cameras and other professional audio and video equipment , three USB 2.0 ports , audio line in and out ports , each supporting both digital and analog , and ExpressCard/34 expansion card slot . Storage features include 320GB SATA HDD running at 5400 rpm , with Apple 's Sudden Motion Sensor that prevents head to scratch platter surface if the machine is suddenly dropped , and a slot-load 8X SuperDrive with double-layer support . Apple will start shipping the new 17-inch MacBook Pro at the end of the month for $ 2,799 .

40_4ecbplus.xml
http : news . cnet . com 8301 - 13579 _ 3 - 57450345 - 37 apple - launches - new - macbook - pros - with - ivy - bridge - from - $1199 Apple launches new MacBook Pros with Ivy Bridge , from $1 , 199 Apple's new MacBook Pros come with Ivy Bridge processors and the Nvidia GeForce GT650M graphics card . June 11 , 2012 10 : 24 AM PDT Apple today launch its new MacBook Pro line . Announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference keynote , the new MacBook Pros will boast third - generation Ivy Bridge processors and the Nvidia GeForce GT650M graphics . The line also includes both USB 2 . 0 and USB 3 . 0 support Unlike Apple's next - generation MacBook Pro , its 13 - and 15 - inch MacBook Pros don't come with the Retina display . Instead , the 13 - inch version boasts 1 , 280 x 800 resolution , and comes with the 2 . 5GHz dual - core Intel Core i5 processor . The 15 - inch MacBook Pro offers a larger 1 , 440 x 900 display and starts out with a 2 . 3GHz quad - core Intel Core i7 chip . Other than that , the differences across Apple's MacBook Pro line aren't all that major . Both the 13 - and 15 - inch options come with 500GB of storage , and deliver seven hours of battery life . The cheapest 13 - and 15 - inch MacBook Pros start with 4GB of RAM . Apple's new MacBook Pro line starts at $1 , 199 for the 13 - inch option , but can go much higher . The 15 - inch MacBook Pro starts off at $1 , 799 . Both devices are available now .

40_5ecb.xml
Today may be Apple 's last Macworld Expo appearance but Apple came bearing gifts . At today 's keynote event , Apple introduced a collection of new and refreshed software and hardware products to show off on stage . Apple 's first hardware announcement at Macworld today introduced the 17 '' MacBook Pro . Built on the precision unibody enclosure , the Pro was launched as the `` world 's thinnest 17 '' notebook , '' at only 0.98 inches thick , and also the `` world 's lightest , '' weighing in at 6.6 pounds Its LED backlit display supports a 1920x1200 pixel resolution . Other features include a 60 % greater color gamut , a 700:1 contrast ratio , improved viewing angles , and ( thankfully ) a matte screen option as well as a glossy option . The antiglare option will cost an additional $ 50 . The $ 2799 17 '' Pro , which is due to ship in late January , offers 3 USB 2.0 ports , FireWire 800 , a mini display port , an express card , a glass trackpad , and up to a 2.93 GHz dual core processor . The unit supports up to 8GB of DDR3 memory and offers a 320 standard HDD . A 256 SSD drive is optional . Apple considers the updated battery its most innovative new feature . According to Schiller , it offers the longest battery life ever , with up to 8 hours of use on a single charge for the 9400M ( 7 hours on the 9600 GT ) and up to 1000 charges in a lifetime . Importantly , Apple managed to include these improvements without changing the size or weight of the laptop . The embedded battery uses lithium polymer technology and lasts `` three times longer than the industry standard '' in terms of number of charges over that lifetime . An embedded chip in the battery adjusts the power to cells within the battery through `` adaptive charging . '' The new battery is also environmentally green . iTunes goes DRM-free Today Apple announced that it was breaking its $ 0.99 per track model and dropping DRM for 8 million songs . The fixed price track gave way to three price tiers : $ 0.69 , $ 0.99 , and $ 1.29 per song . Apple also expanded the iPhone music store from WiFi only to 3G service . Phil Schiller , Apple 's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing , stood in for a recuperating Steve Jobs and kicked off the show with a new $ 79 version of iLife 09 ( $ 99 for a family pack ) , which is due to ship at the end of January . iLife is Apple 's suite of consumer photo , movie , and web applications . iPhoto '09 gained a suite of new features like `` Faces '' for organizing photos based on facial recognition , `` Places '' for integrating Google Maps and viewing photos based on their geo-tags , syncing with Facebook and uploading to Flickr , new slideshow themes that can be saved out to iTunes as movies , and more . iMovie was refreshed with several new features including a precision editor , dynamic themes and animated travel maps . iMovie chief architect Randy Ubillos demonstrated the updated software , showing how to edit audio with a new advanced drag and drop system . Of particular note is iMovie 09 's video stabilization feature . This automatically corrects for jitters and shakes , enhancing hand-held movie camera footage . GarageBand 09 debuted a new `` Learn to Play '' feature that helps users master the guitar or piano with an interactive video instructor . The nine ( free ) basic lessons get end-users up to speed with instruments , and then celebrity artists offer how-to lessons on specific songs . Celebrity lessons cost $ 4.99 per lesson and can be purchased from the in-application store . This offers an entirely new revenue stream for Apple that will certainly appeal to the new RockBand generation . Apple 's iWork represents their office suite of tools , including the Keynote presentation tool , the Pages word processor , and the Numbers spreadsheet tool . Keynote '09 introduces updated transitions using Apple 's new `` Magic Move '' technology , which offers finer control of objects in slide presentations . The updated Keynote also adds new themes and transitions for text and charts . An iPhone application , `` Keynote Remote , '' augments presentations . In vertical mode , the remote app shows your slides and notes together . In horizontal mode , it mimics the Photos application on the phone , allowing you to flick from one slide to the next . The Pages '09 update introduces full screen viewing , letting you block out other items on your computer and focus on the task on hand . You will not be interrupted by incoming mail or iChat IMs when using full screen mode . Dynamic outlines are another new feature , providing a way to organize your writing with drag and drop . You can switch back and forth between the standard page view and the outline view , letting you move sections around and then return to editing them . The Pages refresh offers 40 new templates , including newsletters , posters , fliers , certificates , and business correspondence . Numbers '09 also received a refresh , which focused on expanding features requested by customers . Among other updates , Numbers introduces table categories , easier formula creation , and advanced chart options . The refreshed Numbers now supports mixed chart types , multiple axes , trend lines and error bars . Apple also introduced better Pages/Numbers integration with live updates . When users change a Numbers spreadsheet , it automatically updates in any Pages document it 's cross-linked to . Numbers also introduces presentation templates to enhance the visual appeal of its documents . iWork '09 ships today and will cost $ 79 for a single license , $ 99 for a family pack and $ 49 with a new Mac . For users who have held off on buying Leopard , Apple introduced a new Mac Box Set . This set bundles Leopard , iLife and iWork for $ 169. It 's due to ship in late January , when iLife '09 ships . Apple announced a new collaborative site called iWork.com that 's built around iWork . Launching in Beta , iWork.com lets users share documents and collaborate online with each other . Users can and edit documents as well as comment on them . The site supports multiple formats for downloads and sharing and is fully integrated into iWork applications . You can upload documents directly from Pages and other iWork applications by clicking the iWork.com button . The service will become fee-based after leaving beta , but is free for the duration of the beta .

40_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . gizmag . com macbook - air - 2012 22913 Apple unveils cheaper Ivy Bridge - powered MacBook Air June 12 , 2012 Apple has chosen WWDC week to announce an update to its MacBook Air line . It may lack the Retina display of its newly upgraded , headline - grabbing cousin , the MacBook Pro , but the 2012 Air sees significant advances too . An upgrade from Sandy Bridge to Ivy Bridge processors with improved integrated graphics is chief among the upgrades , and onboard memory has also received a boost . What hasn't changed is the ultra - thin form factor and ( with the thick end of the wedge maxing out at 0 . 68 in or 17 mm ) , weighing in at 2 . 38 pounds ( 1 . 08 kg ) for the 11 - inch model and 2 . 96 pounds ( 1 . 35 kg ) for the 13 - inch . Battery performance remains as is ( which is no bad thing ) , with a touted 5 and 7 hours for the smaller and larger models respectively while wirelessly browsing the web . What's new is an upgrade from Sandy Bridge to the faster Ivy Bridge processor , which brings with it a switch up from Intel HD Graphics 3000 to Intel HD Graphics 4000 . This should bring with it a noticeable performance boost , though its doubtful that hardcore gamers will be rushing to buy the new Airs as portable gaming rigs this year . The included random access memory allowance has doubled from 2 to 4 GB ( configurable to 8 GB ) , and has been upgraded to lower voltage 1600 - MHz DDR3L SDRAM . Flash storage remains at 64 GB and 128 GB in the entry - level 11 - and 13 - inch models respectively , though this is now configurable up to 512 GB . Connectivity sees a significant boost with the inclusion of two USB 3 . 0 ports in addition to the Thunderbolt port . The USB 3 . 0 standard allows data transfer more than ten times the speed of USB 2 . 0 . The power connection has been upgraded to Apple's MagSafe 2 , which is simply an even smaller version of the MagSafe port that lets the power cable disconnected safely in the event of jarring cable snag , preventing unwelcome MacBook floor interface scenarios . Though the 11 - inch Air still starts at US$999 , the 13 - inch has dropped $100 to $1199 , making it all the more compelling to laptop - hunters on the prowl for an ultrabook .

40_6ecb.xml
Apple CEO Steve Jobs unveiled the company 's new high-end notebook line during the special event being held at Apple 's headquarters in Cupertino , Calif . The new MacBook Pro will feature two graphic chipsets , the Nvidia GeForce 9400M embedded on the motherboard and the Nvidia GeForce 9600M as a discrete part . The graphics deliver 32 parallel graphics cores and 125 gigaflops of graphics performance. Jobs said that using the 9400M you get five hours of battery life and four hours with the 9600M . Apple tests indicate the new graphics are five times faster than the integrated graphics of the current designs . The MacBook Pro will also come with a newly designed trackpad . The multitouch glass trackpad has a 39 percent larger tracking area than before , according to Jobs . The entire trackpad will act as button , rather than having a separate button like the previous notebooks . Apple has also added to its arsenal of multitouch gestures , adding four-finger gestures with the latest release . All of the connectors are on the left side of the MacBook Pro and features a unibody enclosure . Apple designer Jonathan Ive explained that Apple learned a lot when making the MacBook Air and used that knowledge to design the new MacBook Pro . Of course , the MacBook Pro will have all the features you 've come to expect from an Apple notebook like like backlit keyboards , magnetic latch , motion sensor , speakers , iSight and microphone . Apple is also adding a mini display port on the new models . A slot-loading SuperDrive will be on the right-hand side of the MacBook Pro . At less than an inch thick the new MacBook Pro will come in two models . For $ 1999 you get a 15.4-inch 2.4GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 3MB L2 cache , an LED-backlit display and 2GB 1066 MHz DDR 3 memory , both Nvidia cards , a 250GB hard drive and the slot-loading SuperDrive . The other model costs $ 2499 and comes with 2.53GHz processor , 6MB L2 , 4GB of memory , 512MB on the Nvidia 9600M GT , 320GB hard drive . The previous generation 15-inch MacBook Pro also came in two models : a 2.4GHz and a 2.5GHz Intel Core 2 Duo . Those systems came with a 200GB and 250GB hard drive respectively . Although not discussed in detail today , the 17-inch MacBook Pro was also updated-not a complete makeover as with the 15-inch MacBook Pro , but more of a minor update . The system continues to use the same chassis design as before , and does n't have the glass-touch trackpad . One key change is that the old native screen resolution of 1680 x 1050 has been discontinued-every 17-inch MacBook Pro now comes with the 1920 x 1200 screen , in either ( standard ) glossy ( no-cost option ) matte form . While CPU speeds remain the same ( 2.5GHz stock , and $ 250 for an upgrade to 2.6GHz ) , RAM has been increased from 2GB to 4GB ( the maximum possible ) , and the hard drive size has increased to 320GB from 250GB . The standard drive is still a 5400rpm model , with ( as before ) the option of a 320GB 7200rpm drive . New to the 17-inch MacBook Pro , however , is an optional 128GB solid-state drive , as used in the updated MacBook Air . The MacBook Pros are shipping today .

40_6ecbplus.xml
http : allthingsd . com 20120611 apple - unveils - new - macbook - air - next - generation - macbook - pro Apple Unveils New MacBook Air , Next - Generation MacBook Pro JUNE 11 , 2012 AT 10 : 33 AM PT Apple's MacBook line , particularly certain portions of it , have been overdue for a refresh . Today , it finally got it . During the opening keynote of Apple's WWDC event Monday morning , Apple's Phil Schiller unveiled updates to both the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro , as well as an entirely new next - generation MacBook Pro with a Retina Display . The new MacBook Air features third - generation 1 . 7GHz Intel Core processors , a new 512 gigabyte flash - storage option , 60 percent faster graphics , and USB 3 support via a dual USB 2 USB 3 port . It also has a new price point that's $100 cheaper than its predecessor . The new MacBook Pro features Intel Ivy Bridge chips , running at up to a 2 . 7GHz , with faster graphics . It , too , has been given a USB 2 USB 3 port . The 13 - inch model comes in $1 , 199 and $1 , 499 versions ; the 15 - inch model is offered in $1 , 799 and $2 , 199 versions . Also debuted this morning , Apple's new "next - generation MacBook Pro . " "It's the most beautiful computer we've ever made , " Schiller said , before listing the device's impressive specs . The machine is 0 . 71 inches thin , a quarter - inch thinner than the current MacBook Pro ; it weighs under 4 . 5 pounds . And yes , it boasts that rumored Retina Display . The screen is 2880 pixels by 1800 ; that's four times that of the prior MacBook Pro , and more than five million pixels total . The next - generation MacBook Pro's innards are equally impressive : An Intel quad - core i7 processor , up to 2 . 7GHz ; up to 16GB of memory ; Nvidia GeForce GT 650M graphics ; up to 768GB of internal flash storage ; up to seven hours of battery life ; SD card slot , HDMI , USB 3 , a new MagSafe 2 connector and , finally , two Thunderbolt ports . Legacy connectors like Ethernet and FireWire have been abandoned , but can run over Thunderbolt via an adapter . Price ? The basic model starts at $2 , 199 . The entire notebook lineup is available for purchase today .

40_7ecb.xml
Apple Inc on Tuesday ( Jan 6 ) introduced what it claims to be the world 's thinnest and lightest 17-inch laptop with a new unibody aluminium enclosure and a built-in battery said to deliver up to eight hours of use and a lifespan three times longer than conventional laptop batteries . It also announced a revamp of its iLife suite of digital lifestyle software at the Macworld Expo trade show here , in particular the iPhoto photo management software which now comes with face detection technology and built-in support for Facebook . Consumers can also teach themselves to play musical instruments with the new version of GarageBand music creation software . Conspicuously missing from this year 's expo is the company 's iconic CEO Steve Jobs , who is recuperating from a health problem . His place as keynote presenter was taken over by vice-president of worldwide product marketing Phil Schiller . In a two hour-long keynote , Schiller showcased the star attraction of the expo , the top-of-the-line 17-inch Apple MacBook Pro that now features a design similar to Apple 's two other laptops , the 13-inch MacBook and the 15-inch MacBook Pro . Its body , carved out of a single block of aluminium , measures just 2.5cm thick . The laptop weighs less than 2.99kg . A high resolution , low power consumption LED-backlit display and a large button-less trackpad made of glass has now made its way into the laptop as well . A new built-in battery powers the laptop for eight hours on a single charge . Touted as the greenest notebook family , the new MacBook Pro 's battery allows up to 1,000 recharges for more than three times the lifespan of conventional laptop batteries . The typical lifespan for laptop batteries is about three years . The new 17-inch MacBook Pro will retail in Malaysia for RM10,099 . iPhoto , one of five digital lifestyle software in the iLife 09 suite now , has new features called Places and Faces . Places automatically imports photo location data from a GPS-enabled camera or an Apple iPhone , while with Faces , iPhoto automatically scans photos to detect people 's faces and when names are assigned to those faces , iPhoto will find more pictures of that person . Taking things a step further , a button in iPhoto enables not just convenient publishing of photos on photo sharing websites such as Facebook and Flickr , but also to detect even more faces on the Internet . Calling them `` really powerful '' , Schiller demonstrated how these features help organise thousands of photos . The updated GarageBand 09 allows budding musicians to learn to play the piano and guitar at their own pace . Basic Lessons allow newbies to learn the fundamentals while a feature called Artist Lessons has original artists including John Fogerty , Colbie Caillat , Norah Jones and Sting showing how to play their hit songs . `` iLife has become one of the reasons people buy a Mac today . There 's nothing like it on any other computing platform , '' said Schiller . Priced at RM299 for single user , iLife 09 will ship end of January . Also announced at Macworld were updates to the company 's iWork office productivity suite . Called iWork 09 , the three software that makes up the suite , namely Keynote , Pages and Numbers have received new themes , sophisticated transition effects and a quick way to group and summarise data . iWork 09 is available immediately for RM299 . The `` one more thing '' announcement -- Jobs ' trademark way of announcing something unexpected -- was reserved for a new three-tier pricing for Apple 's iTunes online music store which is not available in Malaysia . Jobs , who survived a pancreatic cancer in 2004 and appeared to be losing weight throughout 2008 , on Monday ( Jan 5 ) wrote a personal letter addressed to the Apple community , saying doctors have pinpointed hormone imbalance as the reason for his illness . `` The remedy for this nutritional problem is relatively simple and straightforward , and I 've already begun treatment , '' he wrote , adding that he would remain as Apple 's CEO and expects to be back in shape by Spring this year .

40_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . 2dayblog . com 2012 06 12 apple - unveils - new - macbook - pro - with - ivy - bridge - at - wwdc Apple unveils new MacBook Pro with Ivy Bridge at WWDC June 12th , 2012 Apple is certainly making WWDC a hardware conference this year - it just unveiled a refresh of the existing MacBook Pro running Intel's newer Ivy Bridge processors on the San Francisco gathering's opening day . The 13 - and 15 - inch portables run up to 2 . 7GHz quad Core i7s ( turbo up to 3 . 7GHz ) , carry up to 8GB of RAM and have GeForce GT 650M - based graphics 60 percent faster than the previous generation . Like the new MacBook Air , they tout USB 3 . 0 ports . If you're more comfortable with Apple's conventional MacBook Pro design than the new variety , Apple will ask $1 , 099 for the base 13 - inch version and $1 , 799 for a 15 - inch version , with an upgraded 15 - inch model going for $2 , 199 . All of them are shipping today - we're not seeing any mention of an updated 17 - inch version , so it may have been cast aside .

40_8ecb.xml
The only hardware release at Macworld Expo 2009 was a predictable unibody upgrade for the 17-inch MacBook Pro , which Apple reports will have an eight-hour battery life . Eight hours is surely impressive for such a large , powerful notebook . But this news is nonetheless underwhelming for several reasons . Some thought Apple was strategically waiting so it could ship the 17-inch MacBook Pro with a low-cost , quad-core processor . Intel released such a chip just recently , and APC suspected this CPU would appear in Apple 's top-of-the-line notebook . But much to our disappointment , the 17-incher is shipping with a plain ol ' dual-core ( Core 2 Duo ) chip . True , at 2.66 GHz it 's slightly faster than the other MacBook Pros . But there are hardly any substantial changes to justify the longer wait for this notebook . Apple was able to beef up the MacBook Pro 's battery by taking advantage of the generous amount of space available in the notebook 's enclosure . This battery is also non-removable , which Apple said was necessary to use as much space as possible . Apple also claims the new MacBook Pro 's battery is more environmentally friendly because it lasts five years and has fewer toxins . Looks like our Apple source , and several others in various blogs , were incorrect about the rumor of a new Mac Mini launching at Macworld . We 'll look into the reasons why and provide an update soon .

40_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . intomobile . com 2012 06 11 apple - intros - new - macbook - pro - blurs - line - between - tablet - computer Apple intros new MacBook Pro , blurs line between tablet , computer MONDAY , JUNE 11TH , 2012 AT 10 : 49 AM Apple has unveiled the next generation of MacBook Pro at the WWDC Keynote in San Francisco . The 15 . 4″ MacBook Pro refresh will be remarkably thin , at 0 . 71″ and at 4 . 46 pounds , it will be the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro ever . The display is where the MacBook Pro refresh truly shines , with a Retina display at a whopping 2 , 880 by 1 , 800 pixels . That amounts to 5 , 184 , 000 pixels and 220 ppi , 4 times the current pixel count in the existing MacBook Pros . Apple touts it as the world's highest - resolution notebook display . All stock Mac applications have been updated to support the Retina display on the new MacBook Pro , as well as several other popular applications including Aperture , Final Cut Pro , and Diablo III . Updates for Adobe's suite of programs and AutoCAD should be coming soon as well . The new MacBook Pro will feature Intel's 3rd - Generation Core ( Ivy Bridge ) processor up to an i7 2 . 7 GHz quad - core , up to 768GB of internal flash storage , and up to 16GB of RAM . Kepler GT 650M graphics will also be included on all models of the new MacBook Pro , which should offer a superb gaming experience . The new MacBook Pro will feature 7 hours of battery life , with up to 30 days of standby time . Completing the feature set are an SD reader , HDMI and USB 3 . 0 , MagSafe 2 , Thunderbolt , USB 3 . 0 , headphone jack , Black Magik 5K Camera , FireWire 800 , and GigaPort Ethernet Thunderbolt adapters . The new MacBook Pro will start at $2 , 199 for the 2 . 3 GHz quad - core i7 model with 256GB flash storage , and go up from there . Oh , and the best part ? The new MacBook Pro starts shipping TODAY . Go ahead and start throwing your credit cards at the screen , folks .

40_9ecb.xml
For me the new , unibody MacBook Pro 17-inch ( PN MB604LL/A ) is probably the most exciting thing announced here at Macworld Expo . Not only because I 'm more of a hardware guy but also because I 'm a MacBook freak . So , where to start ? The MBP has three compelling new features . The new MBP17 has a matte screen option . Can I get a Hallelujah ? ! I 've been a staunch critic of glossy displays in MacBooks , and I 'm not the only one . It appears that Cupertino is finally listening . The unibody MacBook Pro 17 is the first in the new form-factor MacBooks to offer a configuration with a matte screen Apple calls `` antiglare . '' It 's a $ 50 option though , which is a bit of a slap in the face . If I 'm spending $ 2,800 on a notebook computer you 'd think that Apple would throw in the matte screen option . But at least it 's available , which is excellent . The question that remains is if the matte screen option will trickle down to the MBP15 and even the MB13 . Representatives in the Apple booth did n't know the answer when I asked them today . The new MBP17 can support up to 8GB of maximum RAM ( and has 4GB standard ) which is a huge step in the right direction . If you can get past the 8GB $ 1,200 sticker price , that is . I 'm sure that the RAM price is so high because the new 17 ships with two , 2GB 1066MHz DDR3 SDRAM modules and both have to be removed and replaced with two , 4GB modules to get to 8GB . Prices will eventually come down and 8GB is an attractive option for memory hungry applications and anything to do with virtualization . The MBP17 's fixed battery is a bit of a scandal . It 's as if Apple did n't learn its lesson with the MacBook Air and iPhone batteries . After watching the video by the battery engineers during today 's keynote , I 'm partially convinced . Their justification is that fixed batteries save a lot of room previously occupied by connectors , latches and doors . A fixed battery can use more internal real estate in the enclosure to store power - goes the refrain. As a result the MBP17 fixed battery holds 40 percent more energy and will last up to 8 hours on a charge ( 7 hours when using the faster NVIDIA 9600M GT chip ) according to Apple . I 'm curious about the real-world run times though . Most companies base their battery benchmarks on perfect world conditions and it will be interesting to see how long the new battery really lasts . The third USB port is a welcome addition but it comes at the expense of a dedicated FW400 port on the previous model . Solid State Drives ( SSDs ) are now available as 128MB ( + $ 500 ) and 256MB ( + $ 900 ) options . In case you 're wondering , a maxed out MBP17 configuration ( 2.93GHz , 8GB , 256GB SSD and anti-glare ) will set you back $ 5,250 . Start saving your nickels and dimes , kids . I 'm going to wait and see if the anti-glare screen trickles down to the MBP 15-inch before diving in , although the 8GB of RAM is attractive .

40_9ecbplus.xml
http : laptops . reviewed . com news apple - unveils - new - flagship - macbook - pro . htm Apple Unveils New Flagship Macbook Pro June 11 , 2012 Apple has unveiled its new flagship Next Generation Macbook Pro . Apple has unveiled its new flagship laptop : The Next Generation Macbook Pro . This new Macbook Pro boasts several upgrades of note , including a slimmer profile : at 0 . 71 inches thick , it is the same thickness as a Macbook Air . Apple CEO Tim Cook claimed that "It's thinner than my finger" and will weigh just 4 . 5 pounds . The aesthetics of the Next Generation Macbook Pro will remain the same : It will still have the same aluminum unibody case and backlit keyboard . The main differences of note are the internal components and the display . Either an i5 or i7 quad core Intel processor powers the Next Generation Macbook Pro . Coupled with Turbo Boost , the i7 will be able to reach speeds of up to 3 . 7 GHz . This flagship model with run off 16GB of RAM , and will also have up to 768 GB of flash storage . For a graphics processor , the Next Generation Macbook Pro will have a 1GB Geforce GT 650M graphics card . All this hardware will be necessary to help support the shiny new display specs . Tim Cook announced that Apple's new laptop will have retina display , meaning that you won't be able to distinguish individual pixels from a typical viewing distance . In hard numbers , that means the screen with have a 2880x1800 resolution with 220 pixels per inch . The Next Generation Macbook Pro will also carry some standard ports , and a number upgraded ports . It will have two USB ports which will support both 3 . 0 and 2 . 0 . It will also have two thunderbolt , an HDMI , an SD card reader , and a headphone jack . The new Pro does not include an Ethernet jack or Firewire 800 port , but Apple has introduced two adapters that offer thunderbolt to gigabit Ethernet and thunderbolt to Firewire 800 connections . So , the standard model will have a 15 . 4" retina display , 2 . 3 GHz i7 , 8GB of RAM , 256 GB of flash storage , and a Geforce GT 650M . The final price tag for the Next Generation Macbook Pro ? $2199 . The higher end model costs $2799 . Apple is also upgrading the current Macbook Pro and Air models . Both laptops will receive new Ivy Bridge CPUs , but the price will not increase . The 11 - inch Air will cost from $999 up to $1099 . The 13" Macbook Air will get a 1 . 8 GHz i5 dual core processor and Intel HD graphics 4000 , a nd the price remains at $1099 to $1499 . The Macbook Pros are getting more upgrades . The 13" model will have the option for a 2 . 9 GHz i7 , 750 GB HDD , and up to 8 GB of RAM , priced at $1799 . Lower - specced models will cost from $1199 . Also of note , is that the the new Macbook Pros will support two USB 3 . 0 ports . The 15" models with have either 2 . 3 or 2 . 6 GHz i7 quad cores . They will also have upgraded GPUs , a choice between either 516MB or 1GB GeForce GT 650M . These large models will be priced between $1799 and $2199 , but for that price might as well hold out for the Next Generation Macbook Pro with the retina display . All of these new models are available immediately .

