41_10ecbplus.xml
http : usatoday30 . usatoday . com news world story 2011 - 11 - 10 sudan - violence 51150434 1 South Sudan warns of war after Sudan bombs refugee camp Military aircraft from Sudan crossed the new international border with South Sudan and dropped bombs Thursday in and around a camp filled with refugees , officials said . A government official initially reported deaths , but an American activist who spoke to aid workers at the camp later said there were no casualties . The violence in and near the Yida refugee camp , located 10 miles south of the border , came one day after bombings were reported in another region of South Sudan , an attack that provoked strong condemnation from the U . S . State Department . The president of South Sudan , which became the world's newest country only four months ago , said he fears the Khartoum - based government intends to invade the south soon . "Whatever allegations Khartoum labels against the Republic of South Sudan are baseless , but intended to justify his pending invasion of the south , " President Salva Kiir said . He later added : "We are committed to peaceful resolutions to any conflict but we will never allow our sovereignty to be violated by anybody . " There was no immediate comment from the Sudanese government in Khartoum on Thursday . The violence is especially troubling given the history between the two sides : The black African tribes of South Sudan and the mainly Arab north battled two civil wars over more than five decades , and some 2 million died in the latest war , from 1983 - 2005 . A peace deal ended the war and South Sudan became its own country in July after a successful independence referendum . But there have been lingering disputes over border demarcation and oil - sharing revenues . Ryan Boyette , a former aid worker who lives in Sudan who is now leading a team of 15 citizen journalists , said he talked to five aid workers in the Yida camp , all of whom said that four bombs were dropped but that they caused no casualties .

41_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . trust . org item ? map=plane - bombs - south - sudan - refugee - camp - witness Plane bombs South Sudan refugee camp - witness Thu , 10 Nov 2011 02 : 45 PM A refugee camp was the target of an air strike in South Sudan's Unity state on Thursday , less than 50 km ( 30 miles ) from the tense border with Sudan , a Reuters witness said . There appeared to be no casualties . The Reuters correspondent heard a large explosion , then saw a crater about two metres ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north from the Yida refugee camp . Witnesses at the camp said there were three other explosions at 3 p . m . ( 1200 GMT ) .

41_1ecb.xml
Israel 's assault on Gaza has exacted the bloodiest toll of civilian lives yet , when the bombing of UN schools being used as refugee centres and of housing killed more than 50 people , including an entire family of seven young children . The UN protested at a `` complete absence of accountability '' for the escalating number of civilian deaths in Gaza , saying `` the rule of the gun '' had taken over . Doctors in Gaza said more than 40 people died , including children , in what appears to be the biggest single loss of life of the campaign when Israeli bombs hit al-Fakhora school , in Jabaliya refugee camp , while it was packed with hundreds of people who had fled the fighting . Most of those killed were in the school playground and in the street , and the dead and injured lay in pools of blood . Pictures on Palestinian TV showed walls heavily marked by shrapnel and bloodstains , and shoes and shredded clothes scattered on the ground . Windows were blown out . Hours before , three young men who were cousins died when the Israelis bombed Asma elementary school in Gaza City . They were among 400 people who had sought shelter there after fleeing their homes in Beit Lahiya , in northern Gaza . Abed Sultan , 20 , a student , and his cousins , Rawhi and Hussein Sultan , labourers aged 22 , died . Abed Sultan 's father , Samir , said the bodies were so mangled that he could not tell his son from the cousins . `` We came to the school when the Israelis warned us to leave , '' he said . `` We hoped it would be safe . We were 20 in one room . We had no electricity , no blankets , no food . `` Suddenly we heard a bomb that shook the school . Windows smashed . Children started to scream . A relative came and told me one of my sons was killed . I found my son 's body with his two cousins . They were cut into pieces by the shell . '' The UN was particularly incensed over targeting of the schools , because Israeli forces knew they were packed with families as they had ordered them to get out of their homes with leaflet drops and loudspeakers . It said it had identified the schools as refugee centres to the Israeli military and provided GPS coordinates . Israel accused Hamas of using civilians as cover , and said the Islamist group could stop the assault on Gaza by ending its rocket attacks on Israel . The Palestinian authority president , Mahmoud Abbas , last night delivered an impassioned plea to the UN security council to act immediately to stop the Israeli operation , which he described as a `` catastrophe '' for his people . Israel has agreed a `` humanitarian corridor '' to allow Palestinians to get essential goods . The rising casualty toll , more than 640 Palestinians killed since the assault began 12 days ago , gave fresh impetus to diplomatic efforts . The White House offered its first hint of concern at Israel 's actions by calling on it to avoid civilian deaths . The president-elect , Barack Obama , broke his silence by saying he was `` deeply concerned '' about civilian casualties on both sides . He said he would have `` plenty to say '' about the crisis after his swearing in . Gordon Brown said the Middle East was facing its `` darkest moment yet '' but hoped a ceasefire could be arranged soon . Explaining its attack on al-Fahora school , the Israeli military claimed that a mortar was fired from the playground , and it responded with a single shell whichkilled known Hamas fighters ; the resulting explosion was compounded because Hamas `` booby-trapped the school '' . Two Hamas militants were among the dead , both part of a rocket-launching cell . The head of the UN Palestinian refugee agency , John Ging , said three shells landed at the perimeter of the school . `` It was entirely inevitable if artillery shells landed in that area there would be a high number of casualties , '' he said . He said UN staff vetted those Palestinians who sought shelter at the school . `` So far we 've not had violations by militants of our facilities , '' he said , though responding to questions he accepted there had been clashes between Hamas and the Israeli army in the area . Earlier in the day , Ging visited Gaza 's hospital and was shocked at the scale of civilian casualties . `` What you have in this hospital is the consequences of political failure and the complete absence of any accountability for actions that are being taken . It 's the rule of the gun now , and it has to stop , '' he said . At least 12 of one family , seven children aged from one to 12 , three women and two men , were killed in an air strike on their house in Gaza City . Nine others were believed trapped . Israel continues to insist most of those killed by its forces are Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters - although its assertion it is going to extraordinary lengths to target only `` terrorists '' has been undermined by a tank firing on a building used by Israeli troops , killing four of them , on Monday . Another soldier was killed yesterday as Israeli forces continued their push into Gaza City . Tanks and troops also moved on the southern town of Khan Yunis . The invasion has yet to achieve what Israel says is its goal of stopping rocket attacks . Hamas fired more than 30 into Israel yesterday , one to within 20 miles of Tel Aviv at Gadera , wounding a baby . The de facto Hamas prime minister in Gaza , Ismail Haniyeh , issued a statement from hiding , saying that the Gazans would defeat Israel . `` [ Israel ] has failed to force the population to surrender , '' he said .

41_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . enoughproject . org blogs breaking - news - sudan - bombs - yida - refugee - camp - south - sudan Breaking News : Sudan Bombs Yida Refugee Camp in South Sudan on Nov 10 , 2011 The Sudan Armed Forces , or SAF , attacked a refugee camp in South Sudan at 2 : 53 p . m . local time today . Enough Project sources indicated that no one was killed or injured in the attack , contrary to initial estimates from the Unity state government . However , casualty figures remain unconfirmed . A SAF spokesman denied the attack occurred . At least four bombs were reportedly dropped . Sources on the ground told Enough that one bomb , which did not explode , fell directly within the camp , in a primary school yard , with several more falling in the close vicinity . A Reuters correspondent reported hearing a large explosion , then saw "a crater about two metres ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north . Observers believe the attacks were carried out by the SAF's signature Antonov bombers . One of the bombs landed inside a primary school yard in the camp , according to citizen journalist Ryan Boyette , who was on the phone with sources in the camp when the raid began . Boyette reported school was in session but no children or staff were injured , since the bomb did not explode . Three other bombs allegedly exploded outside the camp : two landed and exploded on the outskirts , near the airfield where two U . N . aircraft had landed today to deliver food . The first aircraft departed without incident , but the bombings reportedly began shortly after the second aircraft arrived . The plane was not damaged . Yida is home to more than 22 , 000 refugees , many of whom walked at least seven days across the border to flee indiscriminate bombing and approaching famine conditions in Sudan's South Kordofan state . Since fighting between the SAF and the Sudanese Peoples' Liberation Army - North , or SPLA - N , began in July , hundreds of thousands of civilians have fled South Kordofan , many into the border areas of newly independent South Sudan . The attack on Yida camp comes shortly after reports of aerial bombardments in South Sudan's Upper Nile state , making it Sudan's second unprovoked military attack on the sovereign state of South Sudan in the last three days . In a November 9 press conference , South Sudan President Salva Kiir stated his country would not retaliate for the reported bombing of Guffa in Upper Nile state on Tuesday , which he said killed seven . It remains to be seen how the Government of South Sudan will respond to this second attack within its borders ; President Kiir held a press conference today on relations with Sudan just hours before the alleged attack on Yida camp . "The regime in Khartoum is attempting to provoke South Sudan into restarting a war , " said Enough Project Co - Founder John Prendergast , quoted by the Associated Press . "The regime's endgame is to either capture South Sudan's oilfields along their common border , or achieve a stronger negotiating position on shared oil revenues and border demarcation . This provocation must be countered by the full force of the international community , or else a massive war could unfold . "

41_2ecb.xml
No militants were inside a United Nations-run school attacked by Israeli forces in Gaza , leaving 40 people dead , the UN says . Christopher Gunness from the UN Relief and Works Agency said an initial investigation left him 99.9 per cent sure there were no militants at the school . About 1000 people were sheltering in the school after having been hounded from their homes by warfare , he said . Mr Gunness slammed the Israeli attack on the school . `` Of course it 's appalling , '' he told ABC Television from Jerusalem . `` This fighting has to stop . '' `` Enough people , among them women and children , have died . '' Mr Gunness said civilian deaths were an inevitable consequence of attacking a crowded place like Gaza . `` Imagine a situation where someone says we 're going to plan a massive air bombardment , but it 'll be pinprick and surgical , on downtown Sydney , '' he said .

41_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . unhcr . org 4ebd2f5d6 . html UNHCR condemns air attack on refugee camp in South Sudan 11 November 2011 The UN refugee agency on Friday strongly condemned the aerial bombing of a temporary refugee camp in South Sudan sheltering more than 20 , 000 civilians fleeing from conflict in neighbouring Sudan's Nuba Mountains . "Two of the bombs fell within the Yida camp , including one close to the school , " said UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards . "Fortunately there were no casualties in the camp and we are verifying the situation of surrounding communities , " he told journalists in Geneva . UNHCR had been readying new refugee sites away from the border in Unity state when the incident occurred on Thursday . "We had hoped to begin the relocation of refugees but our efforts have so far been hampered by heavy rains which have made the road to the camp impassable , " Edwards explained . The refugee agency is concerned by the escalating tensions in the border areas between Sudan and South Sudan , where hundreds of thousands of civilians have been uprooted since June as a result of fighting . There are also reports this week of bombing in New Guffa village of South Sudan's Upper Nile state resulting in civilian casualties . As many as 55 , 000 civilians originating from the Damazine and Kurmuk areas are said to be moving southwards in Sudan's Blue Nile state . Some of these people are heading to Chali within Blue Nile state . Others are crossing into New Guffa village , nine kilometres from the border , or Bunj , the capital of Maban county in South Sudan's Upper Nile state . Others may be moving into neighbouring Ethiopia , where more than 30 , 000 Sudanese have found refuge and are being helped by UNHCR and its partners . New arrivals in Maban county describe empty villages south of Kurmuk town on the other side of the border . The new arrivals are being registered in Bunj , where UNHCR has a way station as well as a warehouse that holds enough supplies for 15 , 000 refugees . UN assessment teams are planning to travel to Maban over the weekend to assess the humanitarian conditions for new arrivals . Meanwhile , local authorities have been identifying temporary reception sites as more arrivals are anticipated amid heightened tensions .

41_3ecb.xml
The United Nations on Wednesday denied Israel Defense Forces claims that there were Palestinian militants in the Gaza school bombed by Israel on Tuesday . Christopher Gunness of the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) said the organization is 99.9 percent certain there were no militants or military activity in its school . That does not necessarily contradict Israel 's claim that the militants were operating close by , Gunness said . Gunness put the death toll of the shelling at 40 , and added that the agency wants an impartial investigation of witnesses , Israeli military photographs or any other evidence . The IDF on Tuesday released video footage from 2007 showing Palestinian militants firing from the school compound and carrying a rocket launcher with them as they flee the scene .

41_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk news world - africa - 15678261 11 November 2011 Last updated at 12 : 41 GMT Sudan 'bombs refugees' in South Sudan's Unity state South Sudanese officials have condemned Sudan after an aerial bombardment of a refugee camp in their territory . The BBC's James Copnall was at the Yida camp in oil - rich Unity State , which borders Sudan , when it was bombed . Local official Miabek Lang said at least 12 people had been killed and 20 wounded . The Sudanese military , which has been fighting rebels in areas near South Sudan , has denied the claims . Our reporter says he arrived at the camp at about 12 : 00 GMT on Thursday as a second round of bombs hit . He says that just as a UN helicopter , carrying food aid , settled on to a makeshift landing zone at the camp , there was a deep and terrifying thud of a nearby explosion . A large plane was spotted heading to the north , our reporter says . 'Completely false' Several residents of the refugee camp told him it was an Antonov plane , often used by the Sudanese government as a makeshift bomber . The refugees said the plane had circled before launching two bombing raids . Five bombs were dropped , of which four exploded , they told our correspondent . Our reporter says he did not see any casualties , but Mr Lang , the commissioner of Pariang county in Unity state , said that 12 people had been killed and the death toll could rise . Incidents like this , and both sides' belief that the other is sponsoring rebels on their territory , are contributing to a rapidly deteriorating relationship between Sudan and South Sudan , he says . Thousands of people who have fled fighting in Sudan's South Kordofan region have crossed the border to take refuge at the Yida camp . Sudan's army has often been accused of bombing South Kordofan , where it is facing a rebellion from pro - southern groups . Our reporter says there is talk that rebels use the camp to rest before returning to South Kordofan to fight . The refugees are , however , furious with Sudan's President Omar al - Bashir over the bombings , he says . The governor of Unity State , Taban Deng , said Mr Bashir should be held responsible . "Why does Omar Bashir do this ? He has a lot to answer , " Mr Deng said . However , Sudan Armed Forces spokesman Sawarmi Khaled Saad vehemently denied any links to the raid . "This information is completely false . We didn't bomb any camps or any areas inside the borders of South Sudan , " he told the AFP news agency . "What is going on in South Sudan belongs to the southerners . We don't have any links to this . " The South Sudan Liberation Army rebel group is active in Unity State - it denies claims that it is working for Khartoum in order to destabilise its neighbour . South Sudan gained independence in July under a peace deal which followed decades of north - south conflict .

41_4ecb.xml
SEVENTEEN hours after the attack on one of his schools killed 40 Palestinians seeking shelter from Israel 's war on Hamas , the United Nations ' director of operations in Gaza , John Ging , was certain of at least one thing `` We have established beyond any doubt that the school was not being used by any militants , '' Mr Ging told The Age last night . `` They were innocent people . '' Speaking by phone from the UN 's Relief and Works Agency in Gaza , Mr Ging struggled to contain his anger at the attack that has also left more 50 people with serious injuries , 10 of whom remain critical . Israel has demanded that Hamas be prevented from rearming as a main condition for a ceasefire . When the Israeli attack came on the Prep C girls school in the Jabaliya camp at 3.45pm on Tuesday , Mr Ging said about 350 Palestinians were inside , using the school as a shelter . `` The reason they were in the school is because the Israelis had told them to go there , '' he said . `` They were doing exactly as they had been told . '' To ensure there was no confusion about the school 's location , Mr Ging said the United Nations gave specific GPS co-ordinates to Israeli Defence Forces commanders . But after receiving reports that mortar shells had been fired at Israeli units from within the school grounds , the commanders decided to strike back . `` They shot back to save their own lives , '' said Israeli Defence Forces spokesman Ilan Tal . Three tanks shells exploded just outside the school grounds , causing pandemonium inside . `` As you can imagine , this was a very distressing attack , '' Mr Ging said . `` It has killed 40 people , and some of those who were injured may yet die . `` Now we need to know how this happened . A full , transparent and independent inquiry has to be held to determine exactly how this occurred . '' The Israeli Defence Forces maintained that mortars had been fired from the school . In a statement released by spokesman Captain Benjamin Rutland , it said it had incontrovertible evidence to support its version of events . `` This is not the first time that Hamas has fired mortars and rockets from schools , in such a way deliberately using civilians as human shields in their acts of terror against Israel , '' the statement said . Brigadier-General Avi Benayahu said the Israeli Defence Forces had established that Hamas terror operatives were among the dead at the school , and had proof of a mortar battery cell that had been firing in the area . `` Hamas operatives Imad Abu Askhar and Hassan Abu Askhar were among terrorists that were identified to be killed , '' he said . The attack on the school has caused widespread shock across Israel , intensifying pressure on Prime Minister Ehud Olmert to reach a ceasefire . After 13 days of bombardment of Gaza from the air , land and sea , which has claimed more than 660 lives , the past few days of fighting have been among the bloodiest in the history of the Israel-Palestinian conflict . Five Israeli soldiers lost their lives on Wednesday , four from friendly fire , bringing to 10 the number of Israelis who have been killed . Just before midnight on Tuesday , three Gazans were killed when Israeli forces attacked another UN school in Gaza City . Earlier that day , a shell hit a house in the Beach refugee camp , killing at least seven members of one family . Shelling of houses in the Bureij refugee camp left at least five dead and 16 injured .

41_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . nonviolentpeaceforce . org bombing - yida - refugee - camp - south - sudan Bombing At Yida Refugee Camp , South Sudan On Thursday , November 10th at approximately 3 : 00 pm , the Yida Refugee Camp in South Sudan was bombed . Nonviolent Peaceforce's Yida protection team lives and works in the camp , providing protection monitoring and support to nearly 23 , 000 Nuban refugees who have fled to South Sudan to escape the escalating violent conflict across the border in Sudan's South Kordofan . Four bombs were dropped within just a few moments - two landed inside the camp itself , while the other two bombs were dropped near the airstrip where a UN helicopter was delivering much needed food aid . Of the bombs that landed inside the camp , one detonated about a quarter mile from the NP compound . The other landed next to the school building where 300 students were attending class , but it did not explode . Tiffany Ornelas , NP's Yida Team Leader , reported that "people were terrified ; they were running and screaming in all directions" . However , there have been no casualties or fatalities confirmed as a result of this bombing . In the days following the bombing , NP's team has been working with the refugee and host communities to verify the damage to the camp , account for children who fled during the bombing , set up a safety perimeter around the unexploded bomb to prevent curious children from approaching it , and explore options to further improve the safety and security of the refugees living at the camp . NP's protection team arrived in Yida one month ago to respond to the direct protection needs of the camp and host populations . NP's team of 3 international and 3 local protection officers are working to facilitate secure relations between both communities and to provide specialized support for the most vulnerable civilians , including more than 1200 unaccompanied children . Date Published : Tuesday , November 15 , 2011

41_5ecb.xml
United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon today spoke out against Israel 's `` totally unacceptable '' attacks against three clearly-marked United Nations schools , where civilians were seeking refuge from the ongoing conflict in Gaza , with a senior official calling for an independent inquiry into the incidents which claimed dozens of lives . More than two dozen schools run by the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East ( UNRWA ) are serving as temporary shelters to more than 15,000 Palestinians whose homes have been destroyed or who are fleeing the violence . The agency 's education programmes have been suspended since the start of Israeli air attacks on Gaza , which Israel says it launched in response to rocket attacks by Hamas militants , on 27 December . Civilians `` are seeking sanctuary in UNRWA schools because they have no other place to go and are not able to flee the Gaza Strip , '' Mr. Ban said in a statement . Some 30 people were killed and 55 others injured , five of them critically , when three artillery shells landed at the perimeter of a school , which usually serves as a girls ' preparatory school , in the Jabaliya refugee camp , according to John Ging , UNRWA 's Director of Operations . Also in Jabaliya , a boys ' school was attacked but it was empty , he said . Last night , three Palestinians , who had sought refuge in a small co-educational UN school in Gaza City , died when a missile hit the building 's toilet facilities . The three men who were killed were `` Gazans who had fled their home earlier that day , '' the UNRWA official said , adding that they thought `` they would be safe in a UN school in Gaza City . '' These attacks reinforce the urgent need for a ceasefire to end the mounting casualties , he said , demanding an independent investigation into these attacks . `` I sincerely hope that for the sake of those that have died , that it would not have been in vain . '' In a separate incident , seven UN staff were injured , three seriously , along with three patients , when a strike on a nearby building caused significant collateral damage to a UNRWA health centre . `` The location of all UN facilities have been communicated to the Israeli authorities and are known to the Israeli army , '' the Secretary-General said . After earlier strikes , Israel 's Government had been warned that its operations were endangering UN facilities . `` I am deeply dismayed that despite these repeated efforts , today 's tragedies have ensued , '' he said . The Israeli attacks against UN sites housing civilians seeking refuge are `` totally unacceptable and must not be repeated , '' Mr. Ban stressed . `` Equally unacceptable are any actions by militants which endanger the Palestinian civilian population . '' These events highlight the dangers posed by continued and stepped up fighting , he said , reiterating his call for an immediate ceasefire . Mr. Ban will speak further about the latest developments in Gaza and southern Israel during a public meeting this evening of the UN Security Council , chaired by French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner . The Council had met behind closed doors on Saturday after Israel expanded its week-old air strikes into a ground offensive into Gaza , but reached no formal agreement regarding the violence and worsening humanitarian situation .

41_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . reuters . com article 2011 11 10 us - southsudan - bombing - idUSTRE7A94OI20111110 South Sudan accuses Sudan of air strike on refugee camp Thu Nov 10 , 2011 3 : 00pm EST A refugee camp in South Sudan's Unity state was bombed Thursday , South Sudan officials and witnesses said , threatening to raise tensions with Sudan in the violence - plagued border region . Taban Deng , the governor of Unity state , accused Sudan of carrying out the attack . "These people ( Khartoum ) should be taken to book . They should adhere to international laws and regulations , " he told reporters in Bentiu . Sudan's armed forces denied they carried out the strike . In a statement before the bombing , South Sudan's president Salva Kiir talked of Sudan's "pending invasion" of its neighbor . Violence along the poorly defined border since South Sudan's independence in July has strained ties between the two former civil war foes . They have accused one another of backing rebel groups on their sides of the border . A Reuters correspondent heard a large explosion in the Yida refugee camp , then saw a crater about two meters ( 6 . 6 feet ) wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north . Witnesses said there were three further explosions at 3 p . m . ( 1200 GMT ) . Yida is a camp of about 20 , 000 refugees from the Nuba mountains region of South Kordofan , a state north of the border where rebels have been fighting Sudan's army since June . Khartoum reported fresh clashes in the state Thursday . There were no immediate reports of any casualties at the camp , less than 25 km ( 15 miles ) from the border with Sudan . A spokesman for the Enough Project , an activist group that works to end genocide , said the group confirmed there were no dead or wounded . "The refugees need to be safe and need to be protected . They ran away from war . They should not be pursued inside the territory of South Sudan , " Deng , the governor , said . Al - Sawarmi Khalid , spokesman for Sudan's armed forces , said Sudan had not bombed anywhere in South Sudan's territory . "South Sudan is a state in the United Nations . We respect international law , and it's impossible that we would do that , " he said . Khalid said Sudanese forces fought rebels in South Kordofan about five kilometers south of the town of Taludi Thursday , killing dozens and destroying a tank and other military vehicles . Fighting has also broken out in Sudan's Blue Nile state this year . The two states are home to tens of thousands of fighters who sided with the south during the war but were left in Sudan when South Sudan seceded , analysts say . South Sudan split off into a separate country in July after voting overwhelmingly for secession in a January referendum , the culmination of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war between north and south . VOLATILE BORDER Fire crackled in the dry grass around the crater about 100 meters away from an aid agency compound in Yida camp . "They ( Khartoum ) don't want any life in the Nuba mountains , and now they are expanding the war to the South Sudan republic , " said Yousif Ismail , a refugee from the Nuba mountains , as he stood by the hole . Last week , Khartoum submitted its second complaint to the U . N . Security Council , accusing South Sudan of supplying anti - aircraft and anti - tank missiles , ammunition , landmines and mortars to insurgents in South Kordofan and Blue Nile states . Kiir denied those claims in a statement Thursday , calling them "smoke screens to mask Khartoum's own activities in support of the armed dissident groups that are fighting its proxy war against the Republic of South Sudan . " The accusations were being used to justify Sudan's "pending invasion of the South , " Kiir said . The two countries have yet to agree on how much the new nation will pay to use Sudan's oil pipelines and other facilities , which South Sudan depends on to export crude . They also dispute control of the Abyei region . Some 2 million people died in the north - south civil war , waged for all but a few years since 1955 over religion , ideology , ethnicity and oil .

41_6ecb.xml
Brussels condemns Israeli bombing of UN school Pressure to obtain a ceasefire in Gaza has been mounting , with the EU warning Israel it was `` destroying '' its image , while Israeli forces on Tuesday ( 6 January ) killed at least 40 people during an attack on a United Nations-run school in Gaza . The Israeli attack on the Fakhora school in the northern town of Jabaliya , which also wounded around 100 people , was the deadliest single strike of the offensive so far and the third UN school to come under fire within 24 hours . The bombing has drawn international condemnation , with the EU calling it `` completely unacceptable . '' `` We think the attack is completely unacceptable and strongly condemn the fact that civilians were hit while sheltering themselves from the violence , '' said Cristina Gallach , spokesperson of EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana . John Ging , the head of the UN Relief and Works agency , through which most EU aid to Gaza is distributed alongside the Red Cross and Red Crescent condemned the attack as `` horrific '' and suggested Israel knew it was targetting a UN facility . `` We have provided the GPS co-ordinates of every single one of our locations , '' he told the BBC . `` They are clearly marked with UN insignia , flags flying , lights shining on the flags at night . It 's very clear that these are United Nations installations . '' The Israeli military however argued Hamas fighters had fired mortar shells at their forces from the school and they had to return fire . In the aftermath of the school attack , Tel Aviv decided to allow the establishment of a `` humanitarian corridor '' into the Gaza Strip , premier Ehud Olmert 's office said last night . Christopher Gunness , spokesman for the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) described the situation on the ground to the EUobserver . Some 1 million Gazans are currently without electricity , another 250,000 are without running water , and every hospital is running on emergency generators . UNRWA hands out food to 750,000 people daily , but Mr Gunness warned that they will run out of food `` in days , rather than weeks '' , and there was no food distribution on Tuesday at all . Tzipi Livni , the Israeli foreign minister said several times last week that there is no humanitarian crisis in the occupied territory , and the Israeli ambassador to the EU yesterday told this website that Ms Livni had explained to the EU peace delegation on Monday: `` Everything is being done and will be done to avoid a humanitarian crisis . '' The UN 's Mr Gunness disagreed with the minister: `` There is a humanitarian crisis already , so she 's not managed to avoid one . '' `` It 's impossible to do our jobs. The reason we had to cancel food distribution today is because our trucking contractor had two relatives killed by the Israelis . There was a wake organised but then that was attacked too . It 's just too dangerous for them to be driving around . '' `` During the period of relative calm of about five-six months following the 19 July truce , we regularly asked to get aid in , but Israel did n't give permission . '' On 19 June 2008 , a six-month Egypt-brokered truce agreement was reached between Hamas and Israel . Tel Aviv however broke the cease-fire on 4 November 2008 , when Israeli troops raided the Gaza Strip and killed six Hamas gunmen . At the time , Israel claimed Hamas was planning to use a tunnel to capture Israeli soldiers . The truce completely broke down on 20 December , when Hamas officially announced that they would not be extending the cease-fire , and began launching rockets targetting southern Israel once again . Meanwhile , Egypt has put forward a truce plan that would include an immediate ceasefire , as well as meetings in Cairo between leaders of Israel and `` Palestinian factions , '' news wires report . Details of the proposal are not known yet , but its main focus is to halt the violence and secure borders between Gaza and Israel , as well as Gaza and Egypt - so as to limit arms smuggling from Egypt into the Gaza Strip . According to the BBC , both Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and the US have backed the proposal . Israel has said it would look into the suggestion . `` I am very sure it will be considered ... we take it very , very seriously , '' Gabriela Shalev , Israel 's ambassador to the UN , was quoted as saying by Reuters . More than 600 Palestinians have been killed so far in the 12 days of the Israeli offensive into Gaza , and around 3,000 have been wounded . Palestinian health ministry officials say at least 195 of the victims are children . Israel has so far lost seven soldiers and four civilians in the conflict . The EU has also warned Israel that the offensive was tarnishing its image , German news agency DPA reports . `` We have come to Israel in order to advance the initiative for a humanitarian ceasefire and I will tell you , Mr President , that you have a serious problem with international advocacy , and that Israel 's image is being destroyed , '' EU foreign affairs commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner told Israeli President Shimon Peres during the visit of an EU delegation in the region . But Mr Peres retorted that Israel was fighting other wars and a public image one was not among them . `` Europe must open its eyes . We are not in the business of public relations or improving our image . We are fighting against terror , and we have every right to defend our citizens , '' he told an EU ministerial delegation , AFP reports .

41_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . nytimes . com 2011 11 11 world africa south - sudan - accuses - sudan - of - bombing - civilian - camp . html ? _ r=0 South Sudan Accuses Sudan of Bombing Civilian Camp Amid Fears of War Published : November 10 , 2011 Civilians fled as bombs fell on a camp for displaced people in South Sudan on Thursday , and President Salva Kiir accused the Sudanese government of planning to invade his newly independent nation . Less than six months after South Sudan broke away from Sudan , an act that was the culmination of a peace accord to end decades of civil war , tensions between the neighbors are crystallizing into fears of direct confrontation . Speaking in South Sudan's capital , Juba , Mr . Kiir denounced the Sudanese government for threatening what he called a "military invasion" of South Sudan , and he rejected accusations by the Sudanese government that his country was arming Sudanese rebels as "utterly baseless and malicious . " Mr . Kiir has also accused the Sudanese government of bombing the South Sudanese area of Guffa in recent days , killing at least seven people and potentially moving the insurgencies on both sides of the border closer to an international conflict . The United States issued a statement on Thursday condemning "in the strongest possible terms" what it called "negative developments" between the nations , particularly the airstrike by the Sudanese forces . "The provocative aerial bombardments near the border increase the potential of direct confrontation between Sudan and South Sudan , " the American statement said . Sudan has denied striking South Sudanese territory . Nevertheless , on Thursday afternoon an Antonov bomber dropped four bombs on the South Sudanese area of Yida , hitting a refugee camp of roughly 21 , 000 people , some of them northern Sudanese who had crossed the border since the rebellion in Sudan began . According to an aid worker with knowledge of the event , two bombs fell on an airstrip , one hit a school and one landed on a market , but did not detonate . There were varying reports of casualties , but none could be confirmed . While the two nations continue to discuss how to split lucrative oil revenues and the fate of the contested region of Abyei , a spreading rebellion inside Sudan has prompted the Sudanese government to accuse the south of providing military support to the rebels . Last week , the Sudanese government lodged a formal complaint with the United Nations Security Council , arguing that South Sudan was trying to start a border war . "We don't have any intention to go to war again , but it is now up to the southern government to either strengthen its state without hostility , or to disturb us , " said a Sudanese government spokesman , Rabie A . Atti . "If they come to war , they will lose a lot . " Many residents in the Sudanese provinces of Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile fought alongside the south during its civil war with the north . But the 2005 peace treaty placed the two provinces in Sudan's territory , leaving South Sudan to hold a referendum to decide its own fate . In January , the South Sudanese voted almost unanimously to secede from the rest of the country . Their fellow combatants in Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile remained on the other side of the border , and an armed rebellion soon began . "We are ready to fight and continue until we reach Khartoum , " the Sudanese capital , said one of the rebel leaders , Abdel Aziz al - Hilu , in a September interview . "We are prepared for a protracted war , a long war , " he added , "in order to see this regime ousted . " In return , the Sudanese military has clamped down hard on the rebellion , filling the skies over Southern Kordofan and Blue Nile with Antonov bombers , some of which have flown over South Sudanese territory , too . A satellite imaging project organized by the Enough Project , an advocacy group , has published what it says is evidence of mass graves in the rebellious regions , and the United Nations has said the military activity could amount to war crimes . The United States , a close partner of South Sudan , had made strong overtures to the government in Sudan , saying that if it cooperated peacefully with South Sudan's transition to independence , economic sanctions on the country could be lifted . But last week , President Obama seemed to change his mind , calling for sanctions to be extended over what he called "hostile" actions on the part of the Sudanese government that posed an "unusual and extraordinary threat" to American foreign policy . "They promised us a lot of things ; nothing actually implemented , " said Mr . Atti , the Sudanese government spokesman . "It's unfair . " South Sudan - or Sudan - can ill afford a new war . The economies of both nations are in a delicate state , with Sudan suffering from a loss of oil income since South Sudan's independence , and protests springing up in the streets of Khartoum early this year . As for South Sudan , it is one of the least developed countries in the world . Furthermore , it faces a number of internal rebellions itself , particularly in provinces near the border , and it has accused the Sudanese government of backing militias there . "The overall view is that they have to exist with the other side , " said Aly Verjee , a senior researcher at the Rift Valley Institute . "Even if you don't trust them so much , and if they are meddling in your own sovereign territory , there is a lot riding on that . "

41_7ecb.xml
An Israeli mortar strike that killed about 40 Palestinians sheltering in a UN school Tuesday brought new urgency to diplomatic efforts to end Israel 's military onslaught in the Gaza Strip , as the UN Security Council met to discuss the crisis . With the conflict now having taken more than 600 lives and aid agencies warning of a deepening humanitarian crisis in Gaza-where large areas are without power and water Israel said early Wednesday that it would suspend attacks in some areas so a `` humanitarian corridor '' could be created to deliver vital supplies . The Israeli army said the UN school in the Jabaliya refugee camp was hit when troops responded to a mortar attack from the grounds and that the dead included a number of Hamas militants . A military spokesman said he had no information on whether troops had identified the hundreds of civilians in the school compound before they returned fire . The carnage appeared to intensify international efforts to arrange a cease-fire after 11 days of a punishing Israeli offensive against Hamas , just as deadly strikes on civilians in previous conflicts with guerrillas in Lebanon raised pressure on Israel to halt hostilities . In the 2006 Lebanon war , 28 Lebanese civilians were killed in an Israeli bombing in the village of Qana , and a shelling that killed more than 100 Lebanese sheltering in a UN compound in the same village hastened the end of a major Israeli assault on Hezbollah in 1996 . At the Security Council on Tuesday , French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner urged support for a cease-fire plan announced in Egypt by President Hosni Mubarak and French President Nicolas Sarkozy . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice welcomed the initiative but told the council that any agreement must halt rocket attacks from Gaza and arms smuggling into the Hamas-ruled territory . Israel has insisted that any truce must ensure that Hamas can not re-arm . The mortar strike in Jabaliya was the second attack on a school run by the UN Relief and Works Agency , or UNRWA . In an earlier airstrike , three cousins who had taken refuge with hundreds of other people in a UN school were killed . An Israeli army spokesman said he had no information about the incident . Shifa Hospital , Gaza 's main medical center , said 42 people were killed in the Jabaliya school , where more than 300 Palestinians had taken shelter from fighting around their homes . The UN said earlier that it had confirmed 30 dead and 55 wounded , 15 critically . `` There 's nowhere safe in Gaza , '' said John Ging , the head of UNRWA in Gaza , after the first school was hit . `` Everyone here is terrorized and traumatized . '' The UN said some 14,000 Palestinians displaced from their homes were in emergency shelters . UNRWA spokesman Christopher Gunness said that the schools hit were clearly marked with a UN flag and that the GPS coordinates of all UN installations in Gaza had been given some time ago to the Israelis . He said UNRWA wants an impartial probe of the Israeli strike that could also determine whether militants had used the school for a mortar attack . Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni told reporters she was unfamiliar with details of the Jabaliya incident but `` unfortunately , [ Hamas militants ] are hiding among civilians . '' Mohammad Awad , hospitalized with shrapnel wounds in the legs and face , said he had come to the school with his family after his house was destroyed in the bombing of a neighboring home of a Hamas leader . He said he and other men had been sitting in the schoolyard when shells hit the compound . `` I saw bodies flying and people torn to pieces , '' he said . Majed Hamdan , an Associated Press photographer , said that at the local hospital , `` I saw women and men-parents-slapping their faces in grief , screaming , some of them collapsed to the floor . They knew their children were dead . '' Umm Ibrahim , a hospitalized woman , said she had lost an 8-year-old daughter and two sons , 11 and 14. She said she had come to the school after a phone warning from the Israelis that the family house would be struck because one son was a Hamas militant . `` We escaped death in our house , but it pursued us to the school , '' she said . `` What can we do ? Where should we go ? '' In an earlier Israeli strike in the Zeitoun neighborhood of Gaza City , at least 12 members of the extended Daya family were killed when their house collapsed after it was hit by missiles , medical officials and a surviving relative said . Other family members were missing and feared dead in the rubble . The army said it was checking the report .

41_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . rnw . nl africa article south - sudan - %E2%80%9Csudan - bombed - refugee - camp%E2%80%9D South Sudan : "Sudan bombed refugee camp" Published on : 11 November 2011 - 11 : 25am A refugee camp in South Sudan's Unity state was bombed on Thursday , South Sudan officials and witnesses said , threatening to raise tensions with Sudan . Sudan's armed forces denied they carried out the strike . South Sudan's president Salva Kiir talked of Sudan's "pending invasion" of its neighbour . Violence along the poorly defined border since South Sudan's independence in July has strained ties between the two nations . They have accused one another of backing rebel groups on their sides of the border . A reporter heard a large explosion in the Yida refugee camp , then saw a crater about two metres wide , an unexploded bomb wedged in the side of a school building and a white aircraft flying north . Witnesses said there were three further explosions at 3 p . m . Yida is a camp of about 20 , 000 refugees from the Nuba Mountains region of South Kordofan , a state north of the border where rebels have been fighting Sudan's army since June . The camp is less than 25 kilometres from the border with Sudan . There were no immediate reports of any casualties . Khartoum denies Taban Deng , the governor of Unity state , accused Khartoum of carrying out the attack . "These people ( Khartoum ) should be taken to book . They should adhere to international laws and regulations , " Deng told reporters in Bentiu . "The refugees need to be safe and need to be protected . They ran away from war . They should not be pursued inside the territory of South Sudan , " he said . Al - Sawarmi Khalid , spokesman for Sudan's armed forces , said Sudan had not bombed anywhere in South Sudan's territory . "South Sudan is a state in the United Nations . We respect international law , and it's impossible that we would do that , " he said . South Sudan split off into a separate country in July after voting overwhelmingly for secession in a January referendum , the culmination of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war between north and south . Fighting in Blue Nile state Fire crackled in the dry grass around the crater about 100 metres away from an aid agency compound in Yida camp . "They ( Khartoum ) don't want any life in the Nuba Mountains , and now they are expanding the war to the South Sudan republic , " said Yousif Ismail , a refugee from the Nuba mountains . Fighting has broken out in Sudan's Blue Nile state this year . Blue Nile and South Kordofan are home to tens of thousands of fighters who sided with the south during the war but were left in Sudan when South Sudan seceded , analysts say . Khartoum's smoke screens Last week , Khartoum submitted its second complaint to the UN Security Council , accusing South Sudan of supplying anti - aircraft and anti - tank missiles , ammunition , landmines and mortars to the insurgents . Kiir denied those claims in a statement on Thursday , calling them "smoke screens to mask Khartoum's own activities in support of the armed dissident groups that are fighting its proxy war against the Republic of South Sudan" . The accusations were being used to justify Sudan's "pending invasion of the South , " Kiir said . The two countries have yet to agree on how much the new nation will pay to use Sudan's oil pipelines and other facilities , which South Sudan depends on to export crude . They also dispute control of the Abyei region . Some 2 million people died in the north - south civil war , waged for all but a few years since 1955 over religion , ideology , ethnicity and oil .

41_8ecb.xml
The civilian death toll in Gaza increased dramatically today , with reports of more than 40 Palestinians killed after missiles exploded outside a UN school where hundreds of people were sheltering from the continuing Israeli offensive . Two Israeli tank shells struck the school in Jabaliya refugee camp , spraying shrapnel on people inside and outside the building , according to news agency reports . The medical director of the hospital in Jabaliya told the Guardian 41 bodies had been brought in so far and more could be on the way . Reuters journalists filmed bodies scattered on the ground amid pools of blood and torn shoes and clothes . In addition to the dead , several dozen people were wounded , hospital officials said . The Israeli military said it was looking into the reports . A United Nations official in Gaza said the school was clearly marked with a UN flag and its location had been reported to Israeli authorities . John Ging , director of operations in Gaza for UNRWA , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency , said that three artillery shells landed at the perimeter of the school where 350 people were taking shelter . `` Of course it was entirely inevitable if artillery shells landed in that area there would be a high number of casualties , '' he said . Asked whether there were Hamas militants in the area at the time of the attack , Ging said it was the scene of clashes `` so there 's an intense military and militant activity in that area . '' He said UN staff vetted Palestinians seeking shelter at their facilities to make sure militants were not taking advantage of them. `` So far we 've not had violations by militants of our facilities , '' he said . Ging called for an independent investigation of the strikes near UN facilities . `` I saw a lot of women and children wheeled in , '' Fares Ghanem , a hospital official told the Associated Press . `` A lot of the wounded were missing limbs and a lot of the dead were in pieces . '' Majed Hamdan , an AP photographer , who rushed to the scene shortly after the attacks , said many children were among the dead . `` I saw women and men parents slapping their faces in grief , screaming , some of them collapsed to the floor . They knew their children were dead , '' he said . `` In the morgue , most of the killed appeared to be children . In the hospital , there was n't enough space for the wounded . '' Elsewehere , at least 12 members of an extended family , including seven young children , were killed in an air strike on their house in Gaza City . The bodies of the Daya family were pulled from the rubble of a house in Gaza city 's Zeitoun district after it was hit by two Israeli missiles . The dead included seven children aged from one to 12 years , three women and two men . Nine other people were believed to be trapped in the rubble . Hours earlier , three young men - all cousins - died when the Israelis bombed another UN school , the Asma primary school in Gaza City . They were among about 400 people who sought shelter there after fleeing their homes in Beit Lahiya in northern Gaza . The UN , which said the school in Jabaliya was clearly marked , said it was `` strongly protesting these killings to the Israeli authorities and is calling for an immediate and impartial investigation '' . `` Where it is found that international humanitarian law has been violated , those responsible must be held to account . Under international law , installations such as schools , health centres and UN facilities should be protected from attack . Well before the current fighting , the UN had given to the Israeli authorities the GPS co-ordinates of all its installations in Gaza , including Asma elementary school . '' The killings take the total toll in Palestinian lives since the Israelis launched their assault on the Gaza Strip 11 days ago to above 600 . Doctors at Gaza hospitals say that at least one-fifth of the victims are children and a large number of women are among the dead . Israel continues to insist that the bulk of those killed are Hamas and Islamic Jihad fighters , although its claim to be going to extraordinary lengths to target only `` terrorists '' has been undermined by one of its own tanks firing on a building being used by Israeli troops , killing four . The sharp spike in the number of civilian casualties came as Israeli troops and tanks moved into Gaza 's second largest city , Khan Younis , for the first time today , supported by intensive artillery strikes as the military pledged to press on with its attack . In a separate attack earlier in the day , three Palestinians were killed in an air strike on another school run by Unwra , the UN relief agency . Nine Israelis , including three civilians hit by rocket fire , have been killed in the conflict . At least five rockets fired from Gaza landed in Israel today , including one that hit the town of Gadera , 17 miles from Tel Aviv , police said . A three-year-old girl was wounded . The heaviest fighting has been in northern Gaza , with witnesses reporting wave after wave of bombing strikes across the north of the territory accompanied by gunfire from helicopters and artillery from land and sea . Thousands of Palestinians have been ordered to leave their homes or forced to flee the fighting . In Shajaiyeh , east of Gaza City , Israeli troops seized control of three apartment blocks and set up gun positions on the rooftops . Residents were locked in their homes and soldiers confiscated their mobile phones , neighbours said . Three of the four Israeli soldiers killed by friendly fire died when a tank mistakenly fired on a building where the soldiers had taken up positions . There was heavy artillery fire to cover the evacuation of 24 soldiers who were injured , including the commander of the Golani infantry brigade , one of Israel 's key fighting forces . Israel 's defence minister , Ehud Barak , said his country 's troops would continue their operation despite mounting Palestinian casualties and growing international calls for a ceasefire . `` Hamas has so far sustained a very heavy blow from us , but we have yet to achieve our objective , and therefore the operation continues , '' Barak said . The Israeli foreign minister , Tzipi Livni , said the offensive was intended to change permanently the shape of Israel 's conflict with Hamas . `` When Israel is targeted , Israel is going to retaliate , '' she said . Israel has rejected calls for a ceasefire . The military said it had bombed more smuggling tunnels across the border with Egypt , in the south , and hit more than 40 other sites across Gaza including buildings storing weapons and rocket launching areas . In Gaza , Mahmoud Zahar , the most senior leader of Hamas in the strip and a hardliner in the movement , appeared on the party 's al-Aqsa television station and gave a defiant speech threatening attacks not only in Gaza but elsewhere . `` The Zionists have legitimised the killing of their children by killing our children . They have legitimised the killing of their people all over the world by killing our people , '' Zahar said . He urged Hamas fighters to `` crush your enemy '' . Another Hamas figure , a recognised military spokesman called Abu Ubaida , said thousands of Hamas fighters were waiting in Gaza to take on the Israeli military , and that rocket attacks would increase . More than 40 were fired into southern Israel yesterday , including one that landed in an empty kindergarten , which , like all schools near the Gaza border , has been closed since the conflict began . Israeli police said a total of 520 rockets had been fired in the past 11 days of fighting . Israeli troops are now deployed in and around the major urban areas of Gaza , particularly to the north , in Beit Hanoun , Beit Lahiya and Jabaliya . Using leaflets , telephone calls and radio announcements , they have ordered residents in many areas to leave their homes , forcing at least 15,000 Palestinians to flee to safety elsewhere . At least 5,000 are staying in 11 different UN schools and shelters . The UN said more than 1 million Gazans were still without electricity or water and that it was increasingly difficult for staff to distribute aid or reach the injured . It said more industrial diesel was needed to reopen the strip 's sole power plant , which has been shut for a week . Ten transformers have been damaged in the fighting . More wheat grain is needed for food handouts , and the UN said Karni , the main commercial crossing , should be reopened to allow it in . Four ambulances and three mobile clinics were destroyed when bombs hit the headquarters of the Union of Health Care Committees in Gaza City . John Holmes , the UN emergency relief coordinator , said Gaza represented an `` increasingly alarming '' humanitarian crisis , and that the territory was running low on clean water , power , food , medicine and other supplies since Israel began its offensive . Israeli leaders claim there is no humanitarian crisis .

41_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2011 11 10 sudan - bombs - south - sudanese - refugee - camp _ n _ 1086031 . html Sudan Bombs South Sudanese Refugee Camp , Reports Say 11 10 11 02 : 39 PM ET Military aircraft from Sudan crossed the new international border with South Sudan and dropped bombs Thursday in and around a camp filled with refugees , officials said . A government official initially reported deaths , but an American activist who spoke to aid workers at the camp later said there were no casualties . There was no immediate comment from the Sudanese government in Khartoum on Thursday , as deadly fighting broke out in the Sudanese state of South Kordofan between the military and forces loyal to South Sudan , according to official Sudanese media . Meanwhile , the violence in and near the Yida refugee camp , located 10 miles ( 15 kilometers ) south of the border , came one day after bombings were reported in another region of South Sudan , an attack that provoked strong condemnation from the U . S . State Department . The president of South Sudan , which became the world's newest country only four months ago , said he fears the Khartoum - based government intends to invade the south soon . "Whatever allegations Khartoum labels against the Republic of South Sudan are baseless , but intended to justify his pending invasion of the south , " President Salva Kiir said . He later added : "We are committed to peaceful resolutions to any conflict but we will never allow our sovereignty to be violated by anybody . " The violence is especially troubling given the history between the two sides : The black African tribes of South Sudan and the mainly Arab north battled two civil wars over more than five decades , and some 2 million died in the latest war , from 1983 - 2005 . A peace deal ended the war and South Sudan became its own country in July after a successful independence referendum . But there have been lingering disputes over border demarcation and oil - sharing revenues . Ryan Boyette , a former aid worker who lives in Sudan who is now leading a team of 15 citizen journalists , said he talked to five aid workers in the Yida camp , all of whom said that four bombs were dropped but that they caused no casualties . Boyette said a U . N . helicopter had landed on a nearby airstrip right as the first bomb hit . One of the bombs landed in a school yard where about 300 students were attending class , but the bomb did not explode , Boyette said , citing aid workers at the camp . Aleem Siddique , a U . N . spokesman in South Sudan , said : "We're concerned for the safety of civilians in the area following reports of explosions and we are liaising with the authorities . " Jonathan Hutson , a spokesman for the U . S . advocacy group the Enough Project , said aid workers inside the Yida refugee camp said at least one bomb landed in the camp , and three or four fell outside it . The aid workers or their groups could not be named for security reasons , Hutson said . Hutson said at least 15 , 000 refugees who fled violence in Sudan are living in the Yida camp . They walked at least seven days to reach the camp , he said . Miabek Lang , the commissioner of Pariang County in South Sudan's Unity State , said earlier that 12 people were killed and 20 were wounded in Thursday's bombing . Lang could not be reached again for clarification on the conflicting reports . The Wednesday bombings in Upper Nile state sparked condemnation from the U . S . State Department , which said the "unacceptable and unjustified" attacks increase the potential of conflict between Sudan and South Sudan . South Sudan's president said Thursday that seven people were killed in those bombings . John Prendergast , the co - founder of the Enough Project , said the regime in Khartoum , Sudan's capital , is attempting to provoke South Sudan into restarting a war . "The regime's end game is to either capture South Sudan's oil fields along their common border , or achieve a stronger negotiating position on shared oil revenues and border demarcation , " Prendergast said . "This provocation must be countered by the full force of the international community , or else a massive war could unfold . " South Sudan's oil reserves must be pumped through pipelines that run through Sudan . Splitting the oil revenues has long been a major sticking point between the two sides . Another major issue is the demarcation of the border . Though the countries are now separate an official border has not yet been laid down . Sudan has accused South Sudan of arming pro - South Sudan groups in its territory . But Kiir said Thursday that the accusations from Khartoum are "smoke screens" to mask Sudan's support of armed groups fighting a proxy war against South Sudan . His comments came as Sudan said an unspecified number of rebels , soldiers and civilians were killed in clashes in the border state of South Kordofan in the town of Talodi on Thursday . Sudanese Army spokesman Khaled Saad , quoted in the official news agency SUNA , said the military had repelled a planned attack by forces loyal to the southern movement , or Sudan People's Liberation Army , who hail from a minority ethnic group now in control of much of South Sudan .

41_9ecb.xml
THE UN has disputed claims that Hamas militants fired mortars from the Gaza school that has suffered the deadliest attack of the war with Israel . Three shells hit Fakhura , a girls elementary school in the Jabalya refugee camp in northern Gaza , at about 3pm on Tuesday ( 12am yesterday ) , according to UN Relief and Works Agency spokesman Christopher Gunness . At least 43 people were killed and 55 wounded in the school , where hundreds of Palestinians had sought refuge from the fighting , pushing the Palestinian death toll above 680 since the conflict began on December 27 . Two people were killed when an artillery shell hit a UN school in the southern city of Khan Younis . Three people also died in an air strike on another UN school in Gaza City 's Shati refugee camp in the centre of the strip . The carnage appeared to intensify international efforts to arrange a ceasefire - just as deadly strikes on civilians in previous conflicts in Lebanon raised pressure on Israel to halt hostilities . Israel moved quickly to explain the attack on the Jabalya school , saying its forces had been fired on first . The casualties included Hamas militants Imad and Hassan Abu Askar , both of whom had fired mortar shells at troops from the school , military officials said . However , John Ging , the top UN refugee official in Gaza , said UN staff and Palestinian families in the school compound had been screened for weapons , and he disputed Israel 's claim that mortars were fired from inside . `` As far as we are concerned , that is not true , but if Israel has evidence of that they need to provide it to an independent inquiry , '' Mr Ging said . He added : `` There 's nowhere safe in Gaza . Everyone here is terrorised and traumatised . '' Speaking after an initial investigation last night , Mr Gunness denied militants were at the school: `` We are 99.9 per cent sure that there were no militants or militant activities in the school and the school compound . '' Mr Gunness said earlier that schools were clearly marked with a UN flag and that the GPS co-ordinates of all UN installations in Gaza had been given some time ago to the Israelis . He said UNRWA wanted an impartial probe of the Israeli shelling that could also determine whether militants had used the school for a mortar attack . Mohammad Awad , in hospital with shrapnel wounds to the legs and face , said he had come to the school with his family after his house was destroyed in the bombing of a neighbouring home of a Hamas leader . He and other men had been sitting in the schoolyard when shells hit the compound . `` I saw bodies flying and people torn to pieces , '' he said . Umm Ibrahim said she had lost an eight-year-old daughter and two sons , 11 and 14 . She had come to the school after a phone warning from the Israelis that the family house would be struck because one son was a Hamas militant . `` We escaped death in our house , but it pursued us to the school , '' she said . `` What can we do ? Where should we go ? '' Although Israel said its return fire landed outside the school , witnesses described a series of blasts , which Israeli officials said suggested militants had rigged the building with explosives . `` We face a very delicate situation where Hamas is using the citizens of Gaza as a protective vest , '' said military spokesman Brigadier General Avi Benayahu . The incident renewed questions about Israel 's ability to wage a precision war in densely populated Gaza even as its forces pushed deeper into the narrow coastal territory . Heavy clashes continued in the north yesterday and airstrikes across the densely populated coastal strip . An airstrike in the Gaza City neighbourhood of Zeitun , where much of the heavy fighting has taken place since ground forces invaded on Saturday , left one armed militant dead and three wounded , medics said . Clashes were continuing in Zeitun , and there were reports of airstrikes on the southern cities of Khan Younis and Rafah . One rocket made the deepest strike yet into Israel - about 32km from Tel Aviv .

41_9ecbplus.xml
http : global . christianpost . com news samaritans - purse - refugee - camp - bombed - allegedly - by - sudanese - government - 61693 Samaritan's Purse Refugee Camp Bombed , Allegedly By Sudanese Government November 14 , 2011|12 : 35 pm The government of Sudan bombed the Samaritan's Purse refugee camp in Yida , South Sudan , on Thursday , Nov . 10 , alleges the nondenominational evangelical Christian organization . The camp , located in the oil - rich northern region of Yida , consists of over 24 , 000 refugees who have fled the heavy fighting of Sudan's South Kordofan region . The camp at Yida is an area of thick bush just about ten miles south of the generally recognized border between South Sudan and Sudan . The bombing was a result of the heightening tensions between Sudan and South Sudan . South Sudan gained its independence from Sudan 6 months ago , ending one of Africa's longest civil wars . Sudan accuses South Sudan of arming Sudanese rebels in the border states of Southern Kordofan and the Blue Nile , according to The New York Times . Samaritan's Purse provides aid , both spiritually and physically , to those in need . The organization uses DC - 3 planes to deliver food to the refugees of Yida . The planes deliver six to seven loads a day , three days a week . The organization has dropped 420 tons of food staples to the refugees , and is in connection with the U . N . 's World Food Program . According to a Samaritan's Purse press release , Sudan Armed Forces planes dropped four bombs at 3 : 20 p . m . in the region Thursday . Ken Isaacs , Vice President of programs and government relations at Samaritan's Purse , told The Christian Post that the bombing as a "terrifying event for all of the staff and the people in our community . " One bomb hit a 200 - student schoolhouse but did not explode , another bomb hit the community marketplace and two others hit the outskirts of the camp . The bombs did not do any damage and , according to Isaacs , one bomb landed just 5 feet away from a boy , but did not explode . " [ The ] MineTech International ( MTI ) explosive ordinance disposal ( EOD ) team removed the bomb from the Yida Village School and moved it to an isolated location for disposal at a later date , " according to the United Nations Mine Action Coordination Center of South Sudan . "I urge the United States and the international community to enforce a no - fly zone in the area to protect not only the innocent civilians there but also those who are trying to help them , " Samaritan's Purse president Franklin Graham said in a press release . "My prayer is that the world will not just sit by and watch and hope for the best like they did during Rwanda , where close to a million people were massacred . We need to make it clear to the government of Sudan that attacks on innocent people will not be tolerated , " the evangelist said . The White House has also condemned the bombing . In a press statement released Nov . 10 , the White House urged the government to stop the bombings immediately . "We urge the Government of South Sudan to exercise restraint in responding to this provocation to prevent further escalation of hostilities , " read the press release . The refugee camp had just received food rations when the bombing took place . Graham said these bombings are a tactic reminiscent of Sudan's civil war , used to injure and kill as many as possible . The food is delivered , the attackers wait for people to gather to collect the food , and then they bomb the masses . According to The New York Times , a satellite - imaging program reveals a build - up of Sudanese troops near the South Sudan border in the Blue Nile region . Images also reportedly reveal upgraded air bases recently captured by government forces . Sudan's government denies a connection to the bombing . Sudanese government spokesperson Rabie A . Atti defended the government Sunday , saying , "We are only securing our border . " Susan Rice , U . S . Ambassador for the United Nations , said the Sudan government "blatantly lied" about the bombing , adding that such a lie proves very disturbing to the United States and many members of the U . N . Security Council . As Isaacs of Samaritan's Purse contends , Sudan's government denied any bombing in "South Sudan . " "What do they consider to be South Sudan ? " Isaacs questioned , noting that there are elements of a border dispute , with Yida being only 10 miles from the border . Describing Yida as a "very insecure" area , Isaacs expressed worry for the future of Yida's refugees . "The conflict and the insecurity are going to grow . It is going to get worse before it gets better , " he said . "There is a need to relocate the people . The areas that have been offered for relocation are not agreeable , " he added . According to Isaacs , food supplies are rapidly dwindling . The refugees received a three - day ration on Oct . 29 , a one - day ration on Nov . 7th and a one - day ration on Nov . 11 . "We are looking to World Food Programme and the UNHCR to fully respond to the needs [ of the people ] . We appreciate what they're doing but we remain deeply concerned for the people , " Isaacs said .

