43_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . extremetech . com computing 120601 - amd - buys - seamicro - starts - selling - intel - based - servers AMD buys SeaMicro , starts selling Intel - based servers on March 1 , 2012 at 8 : 12 am In an unprecedented move that suggests that there might be life in the old dog yet , AMD has acquired SeaMicro , a company that builds high - density , low - power servers using Intel CPUs . The deal cost AMD $334 million ( $281M in cash ) , a fairly sizable chunk of change when you consider that its yearly profits are usually around the $400 million mark . If you haven ’ t heard of SeaMicro before , they ’ re essentially a Silicon Valley startup built around a technology called Freedom Fabric , an ASIC ( Application - Specific Integrated Circuit ) that allows a computer to be scaled down to a motherboard the size of a deck of playing cards . These tiny computers ( each one containing an Atom or Xeon CPU , some DRAM , and the Freedom Fabric ASIC ) are then stacked together to form very - high - density servers ( pictured above ) . These server bricks are just 10U in size , contain up to 768 CPUs , and include four gigabit Ethernet switches and a load balancer . To achieve the same kind of processing power with conventional rackmount servers you would need two full racks ( 84U ! ) of dual - socket quad - core servers and network gear . The SeaMicro server bricks use a quarter of the power , too , because the custom CPU - DRAM - ASICs contain absolutely no hardware cruft that leeches power . In short , with energy prices increasing , data center real estate as costly as ever , and the web showing no signs of slowing down , SeaMicro servers are really rather desirable . More than miniaturization , though , Freedom Fabric is also compatible with multiple instruction sets and allows for complete hardware virtualization ; both very desirable properties in this age of cloud computing . But why did AMD buy SeaMicro ? As it stands , SeaMicro has a tight partnership with Intel , and every SeaMicro server uses Intel chips . According to AMD , SeaMicro will sell Intel - based servers “ for the foreseeable future , ” but an Opteron - based solution should arrive by the end of the year . In all likelihood , AMD probably sees SeaMicro as an excellent way of bolstering its presence in the incredibly lucrative ( and rapidly expanding ) server market . With SeaMicro , AMD can deal directly with companies looking for servers , cutting out the ( very profitable ) HP , Dell , or IBM middle man . The server space is one area that AMD still seems to be able compete with Intel and with Freedom Fabric AMD might once again become a compelling choice .

43_11ecbplus.xml
http : online . wsj . com article SB10001424052970203986604577253501384154044 . html February 29 , 2012 , 7 : 32 p . m . ET AMD to Acquire Server Start - Up Advanced Micro Devices Inc . , AMD +0 . 26% vowing to change the game in its longtime competition with Intel Corp . , INTC +0 . 93% has forged a deal to buy a Silicon Valley start - up that takes the chip maker into the server business . The Sunnyvale , Calif . , company said it will pay $334 million for SeaMicro Inc . , a company known for products called micro servers that pack together many chips in ways that save space and energy . Such products are particularly popular among companies that buy servers in huge volumes to run popular consumer websites . AMD has long battled Intel in making chips for servers , as well as PCs , but it has struggled lately in the larger systems because of late products and other issues . Both companies , meanwhile , face increasing competition from companies making lower - power chips that are based on architecture developed by ARM Holdings PLC . Last year , Hewlett - Packard Co . announced a partnership with Calxeda Inc . , a start - up making ARM - based micro servers . Most chip makers avoid selling systems that use their chips , because such moves can put them in competition with their customers . But Rory Read , a former Lenovo Group Ltd . executive who became AMD chief executive in August , has stressed the need for unconventional tactics against its much - larger rival . In a briefing Wednesday , AMD executives stressed that the main motivation of buying SeaMicro was not to sell servers but to offer communications technology and other elements developed by SeaMicro to allow other server makers to make similar products . "We are not intending to compete with our customers , " said Lisa Su , who recently joined AMD to serve as senior vice president and general manager for global business units . On the other hand , AMD plans to keep supporting SeaMicro's existing customers by selling servers "for the foreseeable future , " Ms . Su said . Those systems now use Intel chips . But AMD plans to also offer systems that use AMD's Opteron chips for servers in the second half of the year , the company said . Mr . Read had already indicated that AMD in the future might offer customers the choice of products that include ARM technology . SeaMicro , meanwhile , had indicated its technology was also designed to support ARM as well as the x86 chips sold by AMD and Intel . SeaMicro Chief Executive Andrew Feldman , who will become general manager of AMD's newly created data - center server solutions business , said the company had more than one interested bidder . But he said it was attracted by AMD management's open attitude toward issues such as supporting other chip designs , as well as a desire to propagate its technology faster than a start - up can . "We came to believe the way to grab this opportunity was the drive of a much larger company , " Mr . Feldman said . The start - up , also based in Sunnyvale , originally passed up Intel's mainstream offering for servers , a chip called Xeon that is a workhorse for companies around the around the world . SeaMicro took Intel's tiny , relatively low - powered Atom chip—best known for use in inexpensive laptop computers called netbooks and now in smartphones—and packaged it for use in data centers . SeaMicro last month held an event with Intel and Samsung Electronics Co . to detail plans to use Xeon chips in its new machines . That shift , the company said at the time , allows customers to use its machines for an array of new tasks that couldn't be addressed before , such as running Web databases rather than simply serving up Web pages . Mr . Feldman said Wednesday that AMD's Opteron chip would further expand the kinds of applications that would fit its technology . Jason Waxman , Intel's general manager for cloud computing , said it has enjoyed its relationship with SeaMicro and expects to keep supplying chips to the company as part of AMD , while working with other makers of micro servers . He noted that Intel has also been acquiring communications - related technology so AMD's motivations were understandable . "You need a broader technology portfolio to service the needs of customers in this market , " Mr . Waxman said . Evercore analyst Patrick Wang said the acquisition was surprising but likely indicates AMD's commitment to the data center and cloud computing . "This is the next step in that direction , " Mr . Wang said . "But it's a very unconventional step . " Mr . Wang said AMD likely is using the purchase to acquire server intellectual property , particularly for the high - performance technology , known as a fabric , that connects all the different processors and disk drives to each other . The approach allows data to pass more quickly and efficiently . "SuperMicro is very successful right now , " he said . AMD said $281 million of the purchase price for SeaMicro will be in cash . The company said the acquisition doesn't change its 2012 financial guidance and the transaction is expected to be add to earnings after 2012 .

43_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . datacenterknowledge . com archives 2012 02 29 amd - to - acquire - server - innovator - seamicro AMD to Acquire Server Innovator SeaMicro February 29th , 2012 In a bold move to boost its position in next - generation servers , AMD will acquire low - power server specialist SeaMicro for $334 million , the companies said today . The acquisition is a disruptive one for the low - power server landscape , as SeaMicro has been using Intel chips in its next - generation servers , which offer dramatic reductions in power and space usage . The crown jewel in the acquisition is SeaMicro ’ s networking fabric , which allows hundreds of low - power processors to work together . The SeaMicro architecture is processor - neutral , meaning it can be quickly adapted to work with AMD ’ s technology . “ By acquiring SeaMicro , we are accelerating AMD ’ s transformation into an agile , disruptive innovator capable of staking a data center leadership position , ” said Rory Read , president and CEO , AMD . “ SeaMicro is a pioneer in low - power server technology . “ We are clearly skating to where the puck is going , ” Read added . “ This is a great company with innovative IP and great talent . ” The Importance of the Cloud AMD plans to offer the first AMD Opteron processor - based solutions that combine AMD and SeaMicro technology in the second half of 2012 . The company said it remains firmly committed to its traditional server business , and will continue to invest in research and development . But AMD executives said the acquisition of SeaMicro will boost the company ’ s offerings for cloud computing providers , who are keenly focused on reducing the energy used by their armadas of servers . “ Cloud data centers are the fastest growing segment of the server market , ” said Lisa Su , Senior Vice President and General Manager , Global Business Units . “ The cloud has changed the dynamics of the data center and how people think about servers . ” Su said AMD will offer SeaMicro servers with AMD chips to provide continuity for existing customers . But the primary focus will be on integrating SeaMicro ’ s fabric technology with AMD processors in “ building blocks ” for its OEM customers . Downsized “ Building Block ” The basic building block of the SeaMicro system is a credit card - sized compute block , comprised of a CPU and its chipset , DRAM , and a custom SeaMicro ASIC ( application specific integrated circuit ) . SeaMicro ’ s patented I O virtualization allows companies to save money by using fewer cables and network interface cards ( NICs ) to connect to networks and storage . SeaMicro ’ s early systems featured up to 768 Intel Atom cores in a 10U server . It recently introduced a server powered by 64 Intel Xeon processors , providing a “ brawny ” offering to supplement the “ wimpy ” Atom nodes . One of the benefits of the AMD acquisition is the ability to adapt SeaMicro ’ s technology to a broader range of workloads and applications , according the SeaMicro CEO Andrew Feldman . “ SeaMicro was founded to dramatically reduce the power consumed by servers , while increasing compute density and bandwidth , ” said Feldman , who will become general manager of AMD ’ s newly created Data Center Server Solutions business . “ By becoming a part of AMD , we will have access to new markets , resources , technology , and scale that will provide us with the opportunity to work tightly with our OEM partners as we fundamentally change the server market . ”

43_13ecbplus.xml
http : arstechnica . com business 2012 02 amd - acquires - seamicro - looks - to - quicken - growth - in - the - server - market AMD acquires SeaMicro to grab share of microserver market AMD's $334 million deal with SeaMicro is a strong move to improve within the … Mar 1 2012 , 2 : 35am CET AMD has made a $334 million bet on the energy - efficient "microserver" market . On Wednesday afternoon , the company announced that they have reached a $334 million agreement , to purchase SeaMicro , a successful microserver manufacturer . Launched in 2007 , SeaMicro quickly gained attention for their ability to combine cheap , low - end processors that could handle Web - centric server workloads . The company worked closely , if not exclusively , with Intel processors in recent years . SeaMicro's current SM server line uses Intel's Atom and "Sandy Bridge" processors . “ By acquiring SeaMicro , we are accelerating AMD ’ s transformation into an agile , disruptive innovator capable of staking a data center leadership position , ” said Rory Read , AMD's president and CEO , in today's news release . For now , AMD will continue to sell SeaMicro servers based on Intel Atom processors according to PC World . However , AMD expects to release the first SeaMicro servers based on AMD Opteron processors within the year .

43_14ecbplus.xml
http : news . cnet . com 8301 - 13924 _ 3 - 57387967 - 64 amd - to - acquire - microserver - vendor - seamicro - a - user - of - intel - chips AMD to acquire microserver vendor SeaMicro - - a user of Intel chips Advanced Micro Devices to acquire microserver vendor SeaMicro for $334 million . To date , SeaMicro has used chips from Intel . February 29 , 2012 3 : 24 PM PST Advanced Micro Devices will acquire server vendor SeaMicro in an attempt to make a run at Intel in the microserver market . AMD said it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire SeaMicro , a company that supplies energy - efficient microservers , for approximately $334 million . To date , SeaMicro servers have been using Intel's Atom and Xeon processors . Future plans call for SeaMicro to build servers with AMD's Opteron chips . "AMD plans to offer the first AMD Opteron processor - based solutions that combine AMD and SeaMicro technology in the second half of 2012 . The company remains firmly committed to its traditional server business , and will continue to focus and invest in this area , " AMD said in a statement . SeaMicro's innovations include its supercompute fabric , which connects thousands of processor cores , memory , storage , and input output traffic . SeaMicro's fabric supports multiple processor instruction sets . "SeaMicro was founded to dramatically reduce the power consumed by servers , while increasing compute density and bandwidth , " said Andrew Feldman , SeaMicro CEO , who will become general manager of AMD's newly created Data Center Server Solutions business .

43_15ecbplus.xml
http : www . theregister . co . uk 2012 02 29 amd _ buys _ seamicro AMD snaps up server upstart SeaMicro Jumpstarting a cloudy server biz with an interconnect 29th February 2012 AMD's new CEO Rory Read was fired up about executing better in the server racket at the company's analyst day earlier this month and has wasted little time in stirring things up with the acquisition of low - power server start - up SeaMicro for $334m . SeaMicro is the server upstart founded four and a half years ago that came out of stealth in June 2010 with an Atom bomb : a 10U chassis crammed with 512 single - core Atom servers in a 10U chassis , all linked by a 1 . 28Tb sec 3D torus interconnect implemented on an ASIC that also virtualized all I O in the cluster of server nodes and provided load balancing across those nodes . Over time , SeaMicro has added 64 - bit Atoms , boosted the number of Atom processors and main memory in the system , and only a month ago announced a variant that used single - socket Xeon E3 - 1260L processors to give the SM10000 system some "brawny cores" to do heavier computational tasks . The acquisition of SeaMicro will no doubt irk Intel , which has used SeaMicro as a poster child for its microserver and cloud computing efforts in the past two years . So there's some public relations fun in that . But there isn't much Intel can do about SeaMicro being in AMD's hands . In a conference call with Wall Street analysts announcing the deal after the market closed , Andrew Feldman , SeaMicro's CEO and co - founder , said that his company had been buying Atom processors and chipsets from the distribution channel , not from Intel . SeaMicro does not anticipate any changes in getting its supply of Atom and Xeon processors or building systems for current and future customers . In the call , Read reiterated that AMD was "seizing the inflection point" in the server business . The acquisition of SeaMicro , which along with Cisco Systems is one of the first new entrants in the server racket in years to actually look like it has a chance of making it , would "accelerate out transformation into an agile and disruptive innovator . " As we can now see , looking at the past month in hindsight , is that AMD figured out that is needed to hunker down on its Opteron processor roadmaps and not force server makers to absorb a socket change in 2012 , as was the original plan , but rather to get an improved "Piledriver" core for Opteron processors into the field this year and do lots of performance tuning to show what "Bulldozer" class of chip can really do . The company then looked around and decided that it didn't need a new chip or chipset so much as a whole different set of technologies to sell to its server OEM partners . That's where SeaMicro came in . Much will be made of AMD entering the server business with the acquisition of SeaMicro . But that's not the point , even if it will be technically true over the next months . Lisa Su , senior vice president and general manager of the new Global Business Units at AMD , who is tasked with making sure the company has the components from which server makers want to build systems , put the kibosh on that idea . "This is a technology play for us , " Su explained , calling the interconnect used at the heart of the SeaMicro system a "unique technology" that would be a "building block" that AMD integrates with its processors and chipsets and then in turn sells to server makers . The company will work now to get AMD's Opteron server processors embedded in the SeaMicro machines , which it expected to have accomplished by the second half of this year . The company will not divulge what Opteron chips it will weld onto the SeaMicro server boards , but it stands to reason that it would be a low - voltage Opteron 3200 or 4200 part . In an interview with El Reg , Mark Papermaster , AMD's CTO , deflected all of the interesting questions about how the SeaMicro 3D torus interconnect might be used , such as extending it beyond one chassis to span multiple chassis under a single management and cluster domain , or maybe adding cache coherence and shared main memory across all or a portion of a SeaMicro server's nodes . The acquisition , said Papermaster , "allows us to redefine the server building block , " and he noted that AMD was keen on becoming "an agile SoC company , " referring to system - on - chip designs that put processors and other system elements into a single piece of glass . And he confirmed El Reg's sense that AMD was not getting into the server business . "You have that exactly right , " said Papermaster . When asked about when AMD and SeaMicro started talking , Papermaster would not be specific , except to say that AMD "moved very , very rapidly . " This was quite possibly to keep someone else from buying SeaMicro and very certainly in part as a reaction to Intel's purchase of the InfiniBand networking business from QLogic back in January for $125m . Papermaster would not comment on rumors that AMD has been taking a look at ARM server chip maker Calxeda , but it could very well turn out that if AMD had tried to do that deal , it might be grateful that it fell through . The SeaMicro deal is a much better option if it wants to sell server interconnects and help OEM customers build cloudy servers and maybe even clustered supercomputers based on the SeaMicro "Freedom" fabric , as the latest generation is called . That fabric is processor and instruction set agnostic , as Feldman has said many times , and SeaMicro only started out on Atom processors because they gave the best bang for the watt . And it could turn out that Calxeda and AMD partner to make ARM servers somewhere down the road . Why not ? Read wanted to make sure that everyone understood that the SeaMicro acquisition would have no effect on the company's 2012 and 2013 Opteron processor roadmaps and system plans , and that AMD was not leaving the traditional x86 server business . "We're in that business to stay , and we're going to grow it and invest in it , " Read said . AMD is paying $281m in cash and $53m in stock to acquire privately held SeaMicro , which raised $35m in two rounds of funding and also got $9 . 3m in funding from the US government as part of the $787bn American Recovery and Reinvestment Act ( ARRA ) of 2009 . Feldman is staying on at AMD after the acquisition closes and will be general manager of a new Data Center Server Solutions business unit , reporting to Su .

43_1ecb.xml
Both chipmakers are bullish about combining , but a key issue for them will be convincing skeptics they should join together in the first place Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) Chief Executive Hector Ruiz waxed metaphorical as he described his company 's acquisition of ATI Technologies ( ATYT ) . Chipmaker AMD , hoping to gain a leg up on a resurgent rival Intel ( INTC ) , on July 24 ended months of speculation by saying it would buy graphics chipmaker ATI for about $ 5.4 billion . `` We will move from being neighbors to being a family , '' Ruiz told analysts on a conference call . The two companies have long partnered in the competitive market for chips that run personal computers and consumer electronics . But under the same roof , the companies will focus on innovations that are particularly attractive to corporate and mobile-computing customers , Ruiz believes . The enlarged chipmaker will combine AMD 's strength in fast-computing power with ATI 's specialty in delivering detailed graphics onto a single , low-cost chip . But the problem with families-especially those formed by multibillion-dollar corporate mergers-is that they often end up dysfunctional . Promised cost savings and sales increases do n't always pan out , and integration of disparate cultures and operations is frequently fraught with value-destroying rifts . Maybe that 's why Intel and Nvidia ( NVDA ) , the companies ' two biggest rivals , found a lot to smile about on July 24 , the day the deal was announced . `` I thought it was just impossible to get a gift like this , '' crowed Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang , in an interview with BusinessWeek.com . ATI is `` basically throwing in the towel , leaving us as the only stand-alone ( graphics chip ) company in the world . '' Intel , the world 's largest graphics-chipmaker , declined to comment specifically on the deal . But company execs have noted Intel continues to improve its own graphics chipsets and that it expects to deliver platforms of products , like Centrino , that AMD can not easily match . Investors were n't too sure how happy the AMD and ATI family will turn out to be , either . AMD shares fell almost 5 % on July 24 , to $ 17.40 , extending recent declines fueled by concern AMD will be the biggest loser amid an escalating PC industry price war . `` The assumption of a significant amount of new debt and the need to address integration issues at a time when AMD has been seeking to step up its competitive pressure in a fierce environment with Intel is likely to weigh on AMD 's share , '' Lehman Brothers semiconductor analyst Tim Luke noted in a report . Indeed , AMD and ATI could be distracted from their core businesses for months as they combine into a company with $ 7.3 billion in annual sales and 15,000 employees sprawled through Canada , California , and Texas . Credit-rating agency Fitch Ratings lowered its outlook on AMD 's debt to negative from positive on concern the chipmaker 's debt-to-capital ratio will jump to 37 % from less than 10 % because of a $ 2.5 billion term loan it is using to partially finance the deal . The merger also could lock ATI out of the business of supplying graphics chipsets to Intel-based PCs , worth about $ 90 million a year in revenue . ATI chipsets connect to Intel 's processor through what 's known as a front side bus , which serves as a highway for transferring data . But AMD , under a different licensing deal with Intel , is not allowed to use that front side bus . `` We are evaluating the deal , and have got a lot to figure out how it would fit in with our existing agreements with both ATI and AMD , '' Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy says . And while ATI and AMD are busy ironing out their new relationship , Intel and Nvidia are rolling out some heavy-hitting chips of their own . Intel and its PC partners on July 27 begin shipping for the first chips in a brand-new PC architecture called Core 2 Duo ( see BusinessWeek.com , 7/24/06 , `` Intel Sharpens its Offensive Game '' ) . First up will be desktop chips , followed closely by new energy-sipping chips for notebook PCs . Core 2 Duo is expected to wrest the performance crown in the mainstream PC market from AMD for the first time in more than two years . AMD will not get a chance to grab it back until mid-2007 , when it is fully ramped on a new manufacturing process . Meantime , Nvidia is prepping to deliver a new high-end graphics chip later this year that company executives herald as the biggest leap forward in nearly a decade . After a high-profile delay in delivering a new chip in 2001 , Nvidia has been steadily taking market share from ATI in the lucrative market supplying screaming-fast graphic cards to the discriminating gaming community . AMD says there 's plenty of reason to be bullish on the deal . The company has its sights on markets where Nvidia and Intel are not as strong . AMD President Dirk Meyer hopes to use ATI 's chipset business to develop an energy-sipping combo processing and graphics chip that can be paired with software partners to deliver a platform better able to compete with Intel 's new vPro offering . Intel has won early praise from software companies and large businesses for vPro , which bakes security and virtualization directly into the chip . With vPro , tech administrators managing thousands of PCs could partition parts of the system from workers-a feature that could keep viruses from rapidly spreading across corporate networks . And ATI 's growing business of providing graphics chipsets to cell-phone makers Nokia ( NOK ) and Motorola ( MOT ) also will give it up a leg up over Intel , he said . Intel recently sold its cellular chip business to Marvell Technology ( MRVL ) for $ 600 million . `` Customers want to get better mobile offerings and more stable commercial offerings , but they want to know that we 're still going to offer them the ability to choose , `` Meyer says . Even if relations between AMD and Nvidia turn frosty and ATI loses Intel 's business , AMD executives predict a combined offering would bring in an additional $ 300 million in revenue in the PC realm alone for every share point gained against Intel . Still , not everyone 's sold. Pip Coburn , founder of tech advisory firm Coburn Ventures , notes AMD has pinned its success on a range of variables . `` I do n't want six reasons , '' Coburn says, `` I want two reasons , two good reasons . '' AMD 's Meyer says he knows the company has some heavy lifting ahead . `` The integration task is going to require focus , '' he says . The biggest job , however , may be convincing skeptics this family was worth forming in the first place .

43_1ecbplus.xml
http : sites . amd . com us promo stave Pages seamicro . aspx AMD Announces Strategic Investment to Accelerate Cloud Server Strategy On February 29 , 2012 , AMD announced a definitive agreement to acquire SeaMicro , a pioneer in energy - efficient , high - bandwidth microservers . By acquiring SeaMicro , AMD is accelerating our disruptive server strategy , taking advantage of an inflection point in the industry driving opportunities in low power , client mobility , emerging markets and the cloud megadata centers . This disruptive move positions AMD to expand our current server offerings and provide our customers with low - power , low - cost , high - bandwidth platforms . With SeaMicro , AMD builds upon our processor design and compute expertise with system - level advances in energy efficiency , total cost of ownership and density for customers . We are excited to have SeaMicro join AMD . The combination of SeaMicro IP with AMD Opteron™ technologies and our focus on execution provide AMD differentiated capabilities to address the evolving needs of the server market .

43_2ecb.xml
RBC Capital Markets downgraded ATI Technologies to `` sector perform '' from `` outperform '' after Advanced Micro Devices announced its intention to buy the Canadian graphics chip-maker for $ 5.4 billion on Monday . Even though the takeover looks fairly valued , RBC analyst Steve Arthur said there is limited upside to the offer unless competing bids are made for ATI . For now , Arthur said AMD 's takeover deal , which is expected to close in the fourth quarter , effectively offers his one-year price target of $ 21 now . That price target was set prior to the takeover bid and factored in ATI 's gross margin leverage , capital expenditure strength , a competitive product lineup and the launch of Microsoft ( nasdaq : MSFT - news - people ) Windows ' new operating system , Vista , which would be a `` net positive '' for graphics-chips vendors . Without a competitive bid to drive shares higher , ATI is unlikely to outperform , warranting a `` sector perform '' rating in the analyst 's view . Arthur said a competitive bid is possible but the two most-likely bidders , Intel ( nasdaq : INTC - news - people ) and Nvdidia , face prohibitive anti-trust challenges. Combined , ATI and Intel would have 68 % overall market share in PC graphics , while an ATI-Nvidia partnership would effectively capture 100 % of the discrete graphics market . Other counteroffers could be made by Texas Instruments ( nyse : TXN - news - people ) and Broadcom ( nasdaq : BRCM - news - people ) , which , according to Arthur , would n't so much face anti-trust challenges as they would compatibility challenges .

43_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . amd . com us press - releases Pages amd - confidential - 2012feb29 . aspx AMD to Acquire SeaMicro : Accelerates Disruptive Server Strategy SeaMicro Low - Power , High - Bandwidth Microserver Solutions Set the Stage for AMD ’ s Disruptive Approach To Lead Fast - Growing Cloud Data Center Market SUNNYVALE , Calif . —2 29 2012 AMD ( NYSE : AMD ) today announced it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire SeaMicro , a pioneer in energy - efficient , high - bandwidth microservers , for approximately $334 million , of which approximately $281 million will be paid in cash . Through the acquisition of SeaMicro , AMD will be accelerating its strategy to deliver disruptive server technology to its OEM customers serving cloud - centric data centers . With SeaMicro ’ s fabric technology and system - level design capabilities , AMD will be uniquely positioned to offer industry - leading server building blocks tuned for the fastest - growing workloads such as dynamic web content , social networking , search and video . AMD ’ s server technology combined with SeaMicro technology provides customers with a range of processor choices and platforms that can help significantly reduce data center complexity , cost and energy consumption while improving performance . AMD plans to offer the first AMD Opteron™ processor - based solutions that combine AMD and SeaMicro technology in the second half of 2012 . The company remains firmly committed to its traditional server business , and will continue to focus and invest in this area . “ By acquiring SeaMicro , we are accelerating AMD ’ s transformation into an agile , disruptive innovator capable of staking a data center leadership position , ” said Rory Read , president and CEO , AMD . “ SeaMicro is a pioneer in low - power server technology . The unmatched combination of AMD ’ s processing capabilities , SeaMicro ’ s system and fabric technology , and our ambidextrous technology approach uniquely positions AMD with a compelling , differentiated position to attack the fastest growing segment of the server market . ” SeaMicro technologies offer substantial advantages in large data center and cloud environments . Cloud data centers are projected to be the fastest growing segment of the server market through 2015 , according to IDC1 . Current systems featuring SeaMicro technology typically use one quarter the power and take one sixth the space of traditional servers with the same compute performance , yet deliver up to 12 times the bandwidth per core2 . Foremost among SeaMicro ’ s innovations is their supercompute fabric , which connects thousands of processor cores , memory , storage and input output traffic . SeaMicro ’ s fabric supports multiple processor instruction sets . SeaMicro solutions are currently deployed in multiple sites across the world . AMD will continue to support all current SeaMicro customers while accelerating plans to deliver new platforms that combine AMD and SeaMicro technology and enable AMD ’ s OEM partners to bring differentiated solutions to market . “ Cloud computing has brought a sea change to the data center - - dramatically altering the economics of compute by changing the workload and optimal characteristics of a server , ” said Andrew Feldman , SeaMicro CEO , who will become general manager of AMD ’ s newly created Data Center Server Solutions business . “ SeaMicro was founded to dramatically reduce the power consumed by servers , while increasing compute density and bandwidth . By becoming a part of AMD , we will have access to new markets , resources , technology , and scale that will provide us with the opportunity to work tightly with our OEM partners as we fundamentally change the server market . ” The acquisition does not change AMD ’ s 2012 financial guidance and the transaction is expected to be accretive to earnings after 2012 . AMD will fund the cash portion of the acquisition with existing cash reserves . AMD Conference Call AMD will hold a conference call for the financial community at 4 : 45 p . m . EST today to discuss today ’ s announcement . AMD will provide a real - time audio broadcast of the teleconference on the Investor Relations page of its Web site at www . AMD . com . The webcast will be available for 10 days after the conference call .

43_3ecb.xml
ATI a potent weapon for AMD in clash with Intel The pitched battle for supremacy in the chip-making market reached a critical phase yesterday with Advanced Micro Devices ( AMD ) in Sunnyvale , Calif . announcing its decision to acquire Canadian graphic cards manufacturer ATI Technologies ( ATI ) . The imminent purchase of ATI , analysts say , is the most vital element in AMD 's concerted campaign to dethrone the mighty Intel Corp . AMD agreed to buy Markham , Ont-based ATI for around $ 5.4 billion in cash and stock , the companies announced Monday . The acquisition , which is subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals , would turn AMD into one of the world 's largest providers of graphics chips . `` You wo n't see it tomorrow , but the merger will potentially put AMD on a more equal footing with Intel , '' said Michelle Warren , an analyst with Evans Research in Toronto . Another Canadian analyst noted that the merger was likely to bring significant benefits to both companies . AMD would round out its graphics processing unit portfolio , said Eddie Chan , lead analyst , mobile and personal computing at research firm IDC Canada in Toronto. ATI , he said , also blends in well AMD 's LIVE ! convergence platform . `` ATI has a strong product portfolio that covers components for such offerings as mobile phones , wireless products , digital TV , and high definition TV . '' On the flip side , AMD allows ATI to hitch a ride on the integrated chip bandwagon . Discrete graphics components have been suffering over the years as the market moves on to integrated chips such as those sold by Intel , said Chan . `` A tie-up with AMD allows ATI to move towards integrated solutions or the so-called system-on-a-chip platform . '' The marketing message from ATI executives too is all about the 'mutual benefits ' of the proposed acquisition . Adrian Hartog , senior vice-president for consumer products at ATI , characterized the alliance as a growth opportunity for both companies . It is generally expected that the merged company will harness ATI 's strong R and D track record . In a list released late last year of Canada 's top 10 R and D spenders , ATI Technologies was in position 5 . The company spent $ 389.1 million in R and D in 2004 , an increase of 18.3 percent . The list was released by Toronto consulting firm Research Infosource . The ATI research team has a proven capacity to turn major new products out every 12 to 18 months . `` Bringing these two companies together will allow us to transcend what we have accomplished as individual businesses , '' said Hector Ruiz , chairman and chief executive officer ( CEO ) of AMD in a statement . `` All of our product lines will benefit . '' Earlier , AMD revealed plans to build a highly efficient dual-core notebook processor , set for release in the second half of 2007 . AMD enjoys considerable strength in the server and consumer computing industry while ATI is considered a leader in the computer gaming arena . Warren said recent years have seen these disparate markets move closer to each other . For instance , ATI 's Shader Model 3.0 , which allows more complex shading and more realistic image rendering , is finding traction in the enterprise space with companies that are heavy computer-aided drafting ( CAD ) users , including customers in the automotive , aerospace and animation spaces . Hartog said the purchase of ATI by AMD will involve ' some changes ' but he downplayed any potential lay-offs from among the company 's more than 3,000 employees . `` Ontario has one of our largest R and D teams and that arrangement will continue . We are not anticipating any immediate lay-offs , '' Hartog said . Any acquisition raises the issue of employment stability , said Warren , but AMD would be wise to allow ATI to continue operating as it does . `` There is a strong chance ATI will be given a measure of autonomy because it has great strength in its area . '' Warren said the alliance also `` steps up '' ATI 's competition with rival Nvidia of Santa Clara , Calif. Apart from ATI , AMD also turns to Nvidia for graphics components . `` Depending on the contract , it is possible that Nvidia 's access to AMD chips will be limited , '' said Warren . If that happens , Evans Research analyst Michelle Warren said , `` it will open the doors for Nvidia to search for new options and possibly talk with Intel . However , Hartog said there will be no move to constrain Nvidia 's supply . `` Nvidia will continue to be AMD 's partner . Both ATI and AMD are committed to open platform systems , '' he said . `` In fact that is what differentiates us to our partners and customers . ''

43_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . wired . com wiredenterprise 2012 02 amd - acquires - seamicro AMD Enters Server Business With Bold Acquisition 02 . 29 . 12 4 : 15 PM Chip designer and chief Intel rival AMD has signed an agreement to acquire SeaMicro , a Silicon Valley startup that seeks to save power and space by building servers from hundreds of low - power processors . With the purchase , AMD will not only turn itself into a server maker , it will turn itself into a server maker that uses chips from Intel . Today , SeaMicro ’ s servers are built with processors from AMD ’ s rival , including Intel ’ s Atom mobile processors as well as Intel Xeon chips . AMD says it will continue to sell and support SeaMicro servers equipped with Intel chips “ for the foreseeable future . ” But it also hopes to license SeaMicro ’ s server “ fabric ” technology to other server sellers , including big names Dell and HP , and it plans to introduce AMD Opteron chips into SeaMicro machines sometime in the second half of the year . SeaMicro ’ s fabric is a way of efficiently connecting various pieces of server hardware , and the company says it can be used with virtually any processor . Less than a month ago , Intel and SeaMicro held a joint press event where they predicted a bright future together , so it would appear that the AMD acquisition came about rather quickly . But AMD ’ s Lisa Su — the company ’ s senior vice president and general manager for its global business units — says the chip designer has been eyeing technologies along the lines of SeaMicro ’ s for some time . “ We ’ ve been looking at the key technology innovations that are going to really disrupt the server market . We ’ ve been looking at fabric technologies — externally with a number of companies as well as internally , looking to develop ourselves — and we felt that SeaMicro was really the best option . It was proven , and it was in systems , ” Su said on Wednesday morning during a briefing with reporters . “ The complement of our processing capability and SeaMicro ’ s fabric technology gives us what we think is a very , very strong [ intellectual property ] portfolio . ” AMD will pay $334 million for SeaMicro , including $281 million in cash . The deal is expected to close in “ a number of weeks . ” Based in Sunnyvale , California , SeaMicro is at the forefront of a movement to build servers from ultra - low - powered processors — aka “ wimpy cores . ” The idea is to reduce power by splitting applications into small pieces that can be spread across a larger number of chips , not unlike the one running your cell phone . Texas startup Calxeda offers “ wimpy core ” servers equipped with chips using the ARM instruction set — an alternative to the x86 instruction set used by Intel and AMD — while HP is exploring the idea with a research effort it calls Project Moonshot . But last month , during that press event co - hosted by Intel , SeaMicro announced that it would also offer servers equipped with Intel Xeon chips , which were specifically designed for servers . Xeon consume more power , but they also offer more speed . SeaMicro says that certain software workloads are suited to the wimpy cores , while others are suited to “ brawny cores , ” and this same message is delivered by the likes of Dave Andersen , the Carnegie Melon professor who coined the wimpy core name . Whatever processor it uses , SeaMicro says , it can save power and space when you compare its machines to traditional servers . The company has built specialized ASIC chip loaded with software that allows the company to build ultra - small motherboards that include little more than processors , memory , and the ASIC itself — and then connect hundreds of these boards . According to the company , this technology is “ chip agnostic , ” meaning it can relatively easily be used with new chip architectures . AMD and SeaMicro say that they will “ explore ” the use of SeaMicro ’ s fabrics with all sorts of processors , both wimpy and brawny . This may include ARM chips . In recent weeks , AMD has hinted that it will eventually license ARM technology . Asked if the company will continue to offer ultra - low - power chips along the lines of the Intel Atom , SeaMicro CEO and co - founder Andrew Feldman said “ absolutely . ” But he declined to point to specific processor architectures . “ This [ SeaMicro fabric ] technology can work with larger cores and small cores . It can work with x86 and non - x86 . It can also move Ethernet traffic and storage traffic , ” Feldman said . AMD chief technology officer Mark Papermaster then piped up to point out that AMD is intent on using whatever chip technologies are needed to get a particular job done . “ If you look at our roadmap , we have a very agile [ system - on - a - chip ] , ” he said . “ It allows us to be more pushy in bringing in our IP . ” SeaMicro currently employs 80 people , and about half of them are engineers . One of those engineers is founder and chief technology officer Gary Lauterbach , who was previously an AMD fellow and one of five architects who build the core of AMD ’ s Opteron processor . Lauterbach was also a lead chip designer at Sun Microsystems , and the idea for SeaMicro first came to him when he and another Sun executive got a look at the low - power servers that powered Google ’ s search engine in the early part of the last decade . Andrew Feldman will become the general manager of AMD ’ s new “ data center solutions ” business . According to Su , this business unit will continue to support the current “ roadmap ” for SeaMicro ’ s servers . This means that the company will sell and service SeaMicro ’ s Intel Atom and Intel Xeon systems — though Su indicated that the company will eventually drop Intel ’ s chips . She said that AMD Opteron chips will be added to SeaMicro system “ towards the end of this year . ” Intel ’ s Jason Waxman — who heads the company ’ s general manager of Intel ’ s High Density Computing group — tells Wired that AMD ’ s acquisition of SeaMicro “ doesn ’ t change a whole lot ” for Intel . He says that AMD will decide whether to keep selling SeaMicro servers with Intel chips , and that Intel will continue to reduce the power consumption of both its Xeon and Atom chips for use inside servers . “ Being able to launch the SeaMicro product with Intel Xeon silicon was a good testimonial for us . They thought we were the best partner at the time , ” Waxman said . “ They chose our silicon for a reason . ” Whatever the fate of Intel chips in SeaMicro servers , AMD says the acquisition is about more than just selling machines . The idea is also to “ broaden ” AMD ’ s relationships with server sellers such as Dell and HP . Presumably , this means that AMD will license SeaMicro ’ s fabric technology to third - parties . “ We have new technology that we can add to our existing Opteron roadmap to form something that can really differentiate us in the marketplace , ” Su said . Andrew Feldman added that SeaMicro has already had discussions along these lines with the likes of Dell and HP . Currently , Dell resells SeaMicro servers . That said , the acquisition means that — on some level — AMD will be competing with its own customers . It will be both chip designer and server maker . But Su downplayed this notion . “ We are not competing with our customers . We have to balance the fact that will continue to support [ SeaMicro's ] products . But the goal is to proliferate the technology with OEMs , ” Su said , referring to original equipment manufacturers such as Dell and HP . “ What we saw was a chance to take our technology to multiple markets , with multiple partners , in multiple geographies — in ways we couldn ’ t do on our own , ” said SeaMicro CEO and new AMD general manager Andrew Feldman . “ The opportunity to collaborate with the OEMs was larger than the opportunity to compete with them . ”

43_4ecb.xml
Advanced Micro Devices Inc. shook up the personal computer industry by buying ATI Technologies Inc. for US $ 5.4-billion yesterday , opening up a new front in the battle with Intel Corp. to control the computer chip market . The deal , which had been anticipated for over a year , gives AMD high-end graphics technology and bolsters the company 's strategy to overtake Intel as the dominant supplier of chips that power personal computers and other devices . As well , Intel has been a buyer of ATI 's graphic chips and that relationship looks to be in jeopardy . `` This reconfigures the market and puts AMD in an amazingly new strong position , '' said Jon Peddie , an independent chip analyst in San Francisco .

43_4ecbplus.xml
http : venturebeat . com 2012 02 29 amd - buys - sea - micro - for - 334m - to - get - into - energy - efficient - microservers AMD buys Sea Micro for $334M to get into energy - efficient “ microservers ” February 29 , 2012 2 : 27 PM There ’ s a sea change happening in a segment of the server market dubbed microservers . And Sea Micro has been at the center of it , disrupting the market with energy efficient servers that use lightweight processors from Intel . Advanced Micro Devices is acquiring Sea Micro today for $334 million , including $281 million in cash . Sea Micro has been disruptive because it can pack a lot of computing power in a server rack that is about a sixth of the usual size . Its servers use a quarter of the usual electricity and cost a lot less . The servers use Intel ’ s Atom microprocessors , which are targeted at energy efficient devices such as tablet computers . But AMD ’ s move could shake things up for Intel , which presumably will lose some of its business . The advantage of Sunnyvale , Calif . - based SeaMicro ’ s small and power - efficient computers is that enterprises can now shove a lot more computing power into a given amount of space and use a lot less electrical power , thereby cutting electricity bills dramatically . That matters because electricity costs are the biggest part of the budget for operating data centers . Andrew Feldman , chief executive of Sea Micro has said in past interviews that SeaMicro had become the fastest - growing system company in Silicon Valley history . SeaMicro ’ s customers include France Telecom , Skype , Rogers Wireless , Mozilla , eHarmony , and China Netcom BB . Hundreds of millions of internet users traverse SeaMicro ’ s hardware daily . As we ’ ve described in earlier stories , Intel has been improving its server microprocessors by making them more power efficient . But the microprocessor only accounts for a third of the power consumption in a server . SeaMicro ’ s innovation lies in how it attacks the remaining two - thirds of the power consumption problem . It does so by combining a lot of the extraneous chips into a single , more - efficient custom chip , Feldman said . In its earliest system , SeaMicro put 384 Intel Atom dual - core processors ( for a total of 64 - bit 768 cores ) in a 10 - rack system , which is just 17 . 5 inches high . The newer SM10000 - 64HD was a 20 percent improvement over SeaMicro ’ s previous server line and a 150 percent improvement on its compute density record , or the amount of computing power in a given space . That single machine could replace rival systems with a bunch of equipment : 60 traditional servers , four rack switches , four terminal servers , and a load balancing server . It uses a quarter of the power and a sixth of the space . SeaMicro can put an entire server on a motherboard that is 5 inches by 11 inches . Since the hardware is Intel - based , customers don ’ t have to change their software at all . SeaMicro was founded in 2007 and is backed with $60 million in funding by Khosla Ventures , Draper Fisher Jurvetson , Crosslink Capital , and a number of strategic investors . It also won grants from the U . S . Departement of Energy ( $9 . 3 million ) and the state of California ( $250 , 000 ) . SeaMicro has 80 employees . Most recently , it raised $20 million . SeaMicro also attacked the power consumption problem with a very clever trick known as virtualization . Today , virtualization is frequently used with servers . It is a layer of software that rests between an application and the servers that it runs on . If an application needs only two servers , the virtualization software finds two available servers to run the application . If the application gets busy and needs 10 servers , the virtualization software finds 10 available servers to do the job . The application is no longer tied to specific servers ; the virtualization software frees up the overall system and gets more use out of the available servers . SeaMicro did the same thing , but it applied the concept of virtualization to the inside of a server . Feldman designed custom chips that could take the tasks that were handled by everything beyond the Intel microprocessor and its chip set . The custom chips virtualize all of those other components so that it finds the resource when it ’ s needed . It essentially tricks the microprocessor into thinking that the rest of the system is there when it needs it . SeaMicro virtualized a lot of functions that took up a lot of space inside each server in a rack . It also did the same with functions such as storage , networking , server management , and load balancing . Full told , SeaMicro eliminates 90 percent of the components from a system board . SeaMicro calls this CPU IO virtualization . With it , SeaMicro shrinks the size of the system board from a pizza box to the size of a credit card . By boiling down the rest of the system into a couple of chips , SeaMicro can get rid of a lot of the components in a system , thereby getting rid of space , cost , and power consumption .

43_5ecb.xml
The buy should also expand AMD 's manufacturing capability , as well as integrate microprocessors and graphics engines in a single chip . The acquisition is set to be wrapped up by year 's end . Advanced Micro Devices ( NYSE : AMD ) announced the largest acquisition in its history Monday , paying about $ 5.4 billion to acquire graphics chip specialist ATI Technologies . The acquisition will let AMD expand its position in the commercial desktop and mobile computing markets , two areas where the company has not had much success . In addition to accelerating the company 's x86 processor market share battle with Intel ( NSDQ : INTC ) , the acquisition will expand AMD 's access to manufacturing capacity and will lead to products that will integrate both microprocessors and graphics engines in a single chip in future releases . The startup manages large-scale Web infrastructures to prevent downtime related to configuration changes March Madness 2008 Was Carried In Full On The Internet , On Demand Thanks To The Technology Innovations of CBS Sports and CBS Interactive GM 's tech leader talks about consolidating , re-engineering , upgrading the company 's application infrastructure . `` Together we intend to create a processing powerhouse , '' said Hector Ruiz , chairman and chief executive of AMD , during a teleconference to announce the deal . `` We are confident the companies will integrate well together . We believe that as technology advances , integration is not only inevitable , but also advantageous . '' Beginning next year , the companies will market `` customer-centric platforms '' using AMD and ATI technologies that will include all existing product offerings . Beginning in 2008 , AMD plans to introduce platforms that integrate general purpose processors and graphics engines to meet specific media , data , and graphic requirements , says Dave Orton , president and chief executive of ATI . Bob Rivet , CFO of AMD , says the acquisition is expected to be completed by year 's end . The purchase is a combination of $ 4.2 billion in cash and 57 million shares of AMD stock . AMD 's current area of greatest strength is providing processors that address the server and consumer desktop market , Rivet says . Bringing ATI 's graphics technology in-house will allow AMD to better address the commercial desktop and laptop markets , he says , two areas where AMD currently has a smaller presence . While overall sales of x86 processors currently totals about $ 30 billion annually , AMD is primarily addressing only a segment that totals about $ 13 billion , Rivet says . By expanding more into commercial desktop and laptop markets , AMD will be able to grow its overall x86 market share . Rivet says that each percentage of market share gained equates to about $ 300 million in revenue . Ruiz says the acquisition `` opens up a broad array of options for expanding our capacity infrastructure '' by providing AMD with an expanded relationship with some of the largest semiconductor foundries in the world . Currently AMD utilizes internal manufacturing capacity , as well as capacity from Chartered Semiconductor Manufacturing . ATI , however , has manufacturing relationships with two of the other largest foundries in the world , Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing and United Microelectronics . The acquisition of ATI by AMD will now provide computer makers and customers with another choice for integrated microprocessor and graphics processor platforms , says Bruce Shaw , director of worldwide commercial marketing for AMD . Currently only Intel offers an integrated platform . Although AMD will be providing integrated platforms , it will continue to support the use of third-party graphics products , such as those from Nvidia , in combination with its processors , Shaw says . AMD has no plans to reduce the ATI product line or back away from markets it addresses , such as cell phones , where AMD has little or no presence , he said . ATI is expected to continue to operate out of its headquarters in Markham , Ontario , and layoffs are expected to be minimal .

43_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . pcworld . com article 251015 amd _ buys _ seamicro _ enters _ server _ hardware _ business . html AMD Buys SeaMicro , Enters Server Hardware Business Feb 29 , 2012 2 : 31 PM Advanced Micro Devices announced Wednesday it is buying low - power server vendor SeaMicro , a surprise move that puts AMD in the systems business and disrupts Intel by acquiring one of its close partners . AMD will pay US$334 million in cash and stock for SeaMicro , an 80 - employee Silicon Valley startup that has gained attention for building highly dense and power - efficient servers for use in large - scale cloud computing environments . SeaMicro CEO Andrew Feldman will become general manager of a new division at AMD , the Data Center Server Solutions group . AMD plans to sell SeaMicro - branded servers directly to customers , but it bought the company primarily for its technology , which it hopes to license to other server vendors to build their own low - power systems , AMD officials said . "SeaMicro has a proven technology that has been benchmarked in key customer sites to show improvements in power consumption and total cost of ownership . That [ intellectual property ] was very attractive to us , " said Lisa Su , senior vice president and general manager for AMD's products division . The move will be seen as a setback to Intel , which had built a tight partnership with SeaMicro . All the servers SeaMicro currently sells are based on low - power Intel Atom processors , and just a few weeks ago the companies held a joint press conference where Intel sang SeaMicro's praises . An Intel spokesman declined to comment on the acquisition Wednesday before it was officially announced . AMD will continue to sell SeaMicro servers based on Intel processors "for the foreseeable future , " Lu said . By the end of this year , she said , it will release the first SeaMicro servers based on AMD Opteron processors . Feldman wouldn't say when SeaMicro and AMD began talks but said the deal came about "unbelievably quickly . " He said there were other suitors for the company , including non - chip vendors . SeaMicro developed an interconnect technology that allows it to eliminate all but three of the chips on a standard server motherboard . That allowed it to develop servers that it claims consume one quarter the power and one sixth the space of standard x86 servers . Its products are geared primarily towards high volume , Web - based transaction workloads that don't require the computing muscle of a traditional Xeon or Opteron server processor . Mozilla uses SeaMicro servers , for instance , to deliver software updates to users . It's not clear which AMD processor SeaMicro will use as an alternative to Intel's Atom chip , though AMD has several low - power offerings and plans to release a new , low - power chip for tablets , code named Hondo , later this year . However , SeaMicro has said its technology can also benefit servers based on more powerful processors . A server based on an Opteron chip would be efficient for running MySQL and MondoDB database workloads , Feldman said , as well as PHP applications used by many online services . It could also be used to build efficient supercomputers , he said . It's a new direction for AMD , one it hopes will allow it to expand its server business and capitalize on the fast - growing cloud computing market . Spending on servers for such "scale out data centers" is expected to grow 33 percent a year on average for the next several years , AMD said , faster than the server market as a whole . The move puts AMD in the difficult position of competing with some of its customers , though Lu insisted that will not be a problem . The scale of SeaMicro's business today is much smaller than that of a Hewlett - Packard or a Dell , she said , and AMD thinks the value of SeaMicro's technology to server vendors will outweigh their competitive concerns . AMD's server business could use a lift , noted Dean McCarron , principal analyst at Mercury Research . "They are obviously experiencing a decline and this would be a way to expand the market for their processors , " he said . AMD is paying $281 million in cash for SeaMicro and the remainder in stock , Lu said . It expects to close the deal in March .

43_6ecb.xml
Graphic Talk About Nvidia Addressing a deficiency of its own and further upping the competitive tension between it and chief rival Intel ( nasdaq : INTC - news - people ) , Advanced Micro Devices ( nyse : AMD - news - people ) intends to acquire graphics chipmaker ATI Technologies ( nasdaq : ATYT - news - people ) in a $ 5.4 billion deal . Is Intel below $ 19 too cheap to last or still above what the chipmaker 's worth ? The question for many is where that leaves Nvidia Corp. ( nasdaq : NVDA - news - people ) , now the sole independent graphics chip maker addressing each of the computing , mobile communications and display markets . We think not too much worse off than before the deal , and believe shares in the company remain a compelling way to play growth in gaming- and media-oriented computing . Our view of the Advanced Micro Devices ATI Technologies deal is that it 's the last major move AMD needed to make to match Intel 's breadth in the processor market ( now that Intel has shed its communications processor business ) . Intel has had for some time the ability to integrate graphics capabilities into its offerings for PC makers , resources for which AMD has had to rely on other folks , including both ATI and Nvidia . The AMD/ATI combination now trumps Intel 's strategy by adding the capacity to package higher-end chips for gaming and complex graphic manipulation . We 're not sure that 's a huge game-changer for ATI in its ongoing match against Nvidia , though . We doubt AMD would shut out Nvidia 's ability to integrate with its core processors , as any such move might lessen the attractiveness of AMD 's core products to that crowd .

43_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . pcworld . com article 251191 amds _ acquisition _ of _ seamicro _ puts _ intel _ on _ the _ defensive . html AMD's Acquisition of SeaMicro Puts Intel on the Defensive Mar 2 , 2012 12 : 30 PM Intel suffered a setback in the server market this week with the news that its former partner , SeaMicro , is being acquired by AMD . But the world's top chip maker said it was internally developing technology to remain competitive in the dense server market . Intel is developing integrated fabrics to boost I O and high - performance networking and storage in servers , said Jason Waxman , general manager of Intel's data center business unit , in an interview . The technologies are being developed as the company tries to boost its presence in the market for dense servers used in cloud computing deployments in data centers . AMD is paying US$334 million for SeaMicro , which until now was in a tight partnership with Intel to develop dense servers . AMD plans to sell SeaMicro - branded servers and license to customers its fabric technology , which virtualizes I O and ties together storage and networking . The deal is expected to close in March . SeaMicro provides AMD an instant presence in the nascent but fast - growing dense server market , and Intel will now be playing catch - up , analysts said . SeaMicro currently sells servers only with Intel processors , and it is likely that AMD will swap those with its own chips . Intel said it will continue to provide processors for SeaMicro servers , depending on the requirements . AMD's purchase of SeaMicro was an unexpected but smart move , said Nathan Brookwood , principal analyst at Insight 64 . The dense server market is growing as companies look to curb electricity costs by deploying low - power servers to respond to Web and database queries . But AMD's prize in the acquisition is SeaMicro's specialized fabric , Brookwood said . SeaMicro's dense servers have many credit - card - sized motherboards that are connected by the fabric , which reduces the need for extra storage and network controllers . It could take Intel years to develop technology that is competitive with SeaMicro's fabric , Brookwood said . And Intel will need to prove its technology is reliable before it is widely adopted . "Intel has all the pieces and all the technology and the smart people to put this together . But it takes time , " Brookwood said . The SeaMicro deal gives AMD a technological head start , but it will also intensify Intel's focus on developing related technology , said Dean McCarron , principal analyst at Mercury Research . Intel's Waxman didn't specify how Intel would build the fabric and I O technology , but said the company would utilize assets from recently acquired networking companies . In July it acquired Fulcrum Microsystems , which makes Ethernet switches , and last month it purchased InfiniBand assets from Qlogic , which provides high - performance fabric technology for servers . Intel also will remain competitive through new processors , memory and system management technologies . But by the time Intel's fabric technology matures , analysts said that AMD could be far ahead in the integration of SeaMicro's technology inside chips . AMD in the future will allow implementation of third - party intellectual property inside chips , and by 2013 or 2014 , SeaMicro's IP could be inside Opteron server chips . Currently SeaMicro's ASIC ( application - specific integrated circuit ) controlling the fabric is placed on the motherboard alongside the processor and memory . When integrated inside a chip , it could be similar to Calxeda's EnergyCore chip , which will be used by Hewlett - Packard in its upcoming ARM server . The Calxeda chip includes cache , an 80 - Gigabit fabric switch and a management engine for power optimization . AMD will be able to license the fabric technology to work on ARM processors , which could also put pressure on Intel , analysts said . ARM processors are mainly found in smartphones and tablets , but there is growing interest in building power - efficient ARM servers . AMD will be able to differentiate its offerings from Intel's by offering SeaMicro technology with either ARM or x86 processors as early as 2013 , said Matt Eastwood , group vice president for enterprise platform research at IDC . AMD currently offers only x86 chips , but the company's chief technology officer , Mark Papermaster , has not ruled out implementing ARM IP on its future chips . But Intel's Waxman said the AMD - SeaMicro deal does not change Intel's dense server strategy , and the chip maker will continue to work with customers like Dell and Tyan . "A part of our strategy is to provide a full portfolio of ingredients , " Waxman said . "We've got the right assets in our arsenal . "

43_7ecb.xml
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. ( TSMC ) shares rose yesterday after two of the world 's largest chipmakers said their merger would not create a negative impact on the Hsinchu-based foundry , dispelling investors fears . TSMC stock traded on the TAIEX closed at NT $ 53.8 yesterday , up NT $ 0.9 from the previous trading day . Yesterday Advanced Micro Devices Inc. ( AMD ) , a leading global CPU maker , announced its purchase of Canada-based graphics chips maker ATI Technologies Inc. in a US $ 5.4 billion deal that many said would help AMD compete more effectively with Intel Corp. , its largest-in-the-world rival . Analysts also said the merger would cause a reshuffle in the global PC industry , affecting chip foundries - including TSMC - that manufacture Intel-based graphics chips for ATI on an original equipment manufacturing basis . ATI , the largest maker of computer graphics chips for notebook computers , outsources the manufacturing of its chips , while Advanced Micro has facilities to produce some of its own processors . In a news conference announcing the merger held in Taipei yesterday , Henri Richard , executive vice president of AMD , urged investors not to worry as ATI 's relations with TSMC and its rival United Microelectronics Corp. would not change . He said ATI and its suppliers use the so-called CMOS manufacturing technology , which is different from what AMD uses . UMC yesterday closed at NT $ 18 , up NT $ 0.05 . Some analysts however expressed the concern that the merger would impact TSMC in the long run , as loss of ATI orders would cause TSMC to see its capacity utilization lowered by 20 to 30 percent . TSMC , the world 's largest maker of customized chips , said itself Monday night it will continue to manufacture for ATI . `` As part of AMD , ATI 's business will continue to operate in a fabless business model and maintain its strong foundry partnership with TSMC , '' the company said in an e-mailed statement . The company said it had held discussions with ATI , without providing details . The merger , meanwhile , is also expected to create an impact on Taiwan 's chipset manufacturers . Via , a manufacturer of AMD-based chipsets , yesterday saw its shares drop NT $ 0.65 to close at NT $ 24.05 . Altogether the TAIEX rose 31.36 points yesterday to close at 6,390.99 .

43_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . pcmag . com article2 0 , 2817 , 2401008 , 00 . asp AMD to Acquire Microserver Startup SeaMicro for $334 Million February 29 , 2012 04 : 23pm EST Advanced Micro Devices on Wednesday announced a deal to acquire startup SeaMicro , a maker of microservers and data center fabric technology , for $334 million . SeaMicro chief executive Andrew Feldman will become general manager of a newly formed AMD business unit called Data Center Server Solutions . "SeaMicro's leading - edge fabric technology together with AMD Opteron processors point the way to a compelling roadmap for the cloud data center market , " said Lisa Su , senior vice president and general manager of AMD's Global Business Units , in a discussion with reporters at the chip maker's Sunnyvale , Calif . headquarters ahead of the announcement . The company will continue to honor SeaMicro's existing relationships with its own partners , Su said , and will sell SeaMicro - branded servers , which currently use server chips made by AMD archrival Intel . Feldman , who also spoke with media Wednesday , said SeaMicro's technology was "processor - agnostic , " so incorporating AMD's Opteron processors and even non - x86 instruction sets and architectures in future products would be easy to do . AMD representatives said they believed SeaMicro's unique supercompute fabric was a major innovation in data center technology , characterizing the platform as a "new server building block" which would increasingly make its way into the growing cloud infrastructure space . "When you're talking about the ability to tie together large amounts of processor cores , hundreds and even thousands , within a server system , there aren't a lot of choices out there [ in terms of competitors ] , particularly if you want to bring Ethernet over it and disk traffic over it , there's just us , " said Feldman , describing his company's technology . "Nobody else can move both Ethernet and disk traffic , because they have very different requirements , " he added . Feldman said SeaMicro's suitors were numerous in the days leading up to the AMD acquisition and included more than just semiconductor companies . In recent months , Intel and other companies had spoken highly of the innovative startup . "We were fortunate that when we began speaking with AMD , they had far and away the most sophisticated view on fabrics , " he said . "They had already done extensive work on what a next - generation fabric could look like . They were kindred spirits and when you find that , you can move very quickly . And they really moved with dazzling speed . " AMD president and chief executive Rory Read also addressed the deal in a statement , saying that the SeaMicro acquisition would accelerate "AMD's transformation into an agile , disruptive innovator capable of staking a data center leadership position . "

43_8ecb.xml
AMD 's ATI acquisition will not affect India operations India will figure prominently in AMD 's $ 5.4bn acquisition of ATI Technologies , as both the semiconductor giants have their operations in the country . AMD has its design centre in Bangalore while ATI 's R and D unit is located in Hyderabad . Though the exact contours of the merger and its implications in India are not known , both are expected to maintain their existing portfolios of operations as both concentrate on different segments . `` The combination will create a processing powerhouse by bringing AMD 's technology leadership in microprocessors together with ATI 's strength in graphics , chipsets and consumer electronics , '' AMD said in a statement . ATI Technologies India MD Dasaradha R Gude told ET that the combination would drive growth and the Indian operations would also be expanded . `` Our work is complementary to each other and does not overlap . With this merger , we would also be able to address bigger markets , '' he said . The AMD statement said , `` We can not speculate on the implications of the merger for another 90-120 days , till the time integration is complete . ''

43_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . zdnet . com blog forrester amd - acquires - seamicro - big - bet - on - architectural - shift - for - servers 832 AMD Acquires SeaMicro – Big Bet on Architectural Shift for Servers Summary : Rich Fichera looks at the risks and potential rewards of AMD's recent acquisition of innovative server startup SeaMicro . March 1 , 2012 - - 07 : 58 GMT ( 23 : 58 PST ) At its recent financial analyst day , AMD indicated that intended to differentiate itself by creating products that were advantaged in niche markets , with specific mention , among other segments , of servers , and to generally shake up the trench warfare that has had it on the losing side of its lifelong battle with Intel ( my interpretation , not AMD management ’ s words ) . Today , at least for the server side of the business they made a move that can potentially offer them visibility and differentiation by acquiring innovative server startup SeaMicro . SeaMicro has attracted our attention since its appearance ( blog post 1 , blog post 2 ) , with its innovative architecture that dramatically reduces power and improves density by sharing components like I O adapters , disks and even BIOS over a proprietary fabric . The irony here is that SeaMicro came to market with a tight alignment with Intel , who at one pint even introduced a special dual - core packaging of their Atom CPU to allow SeaMicro improve its density and power efficiency . Most recently SeaMicro and Intel announced a new model which featured Xeon CPUs to address the more mainstream segments that were not a for SeaMicro ’ s original Atom - based offering . So what does AMD hope to gain from this acquisition ? The strategic goal is a differentiated server architecture into which they can insert AMD silicon and IP . The SeaMicro architecture shares many of the characteristics of the Calxeda HP Redstone architecture , and can potentially allow AMD to produce reference architecture for its system partners to leverage that gives them significant density advantages over any conventional x86 server offering . Since this architecture is initially targeted at dense computing environments such as those found in Web 2 . 0 , cloud service providers and similar workloads , as well as potentially at conventional HPC , the prospects for AMD are interesting . Long - term success will hinge on several interlocking factors : 1 . How much will AMD focus this offering on the ultra - dense space that SeaMicro started addressing versus trying to also take a bite out of the enterprise space ? 2 . How aggressively will they scale it ? The SeaMicro fabric does not extend beyond the single enclosure boundary , but that appears to be an implementation decision , not a fundamental architectural issue . My personal belief is that fabric - based servers are the wave of the future , with SeaMicro Calxeda HP serving as very significant guidelines for future development . Scaling the fabric first for management and then for actual data traffic for shared I O and eventually for coherent memory operations if needed is a natural progression . 3 . What other IP will AMD add ? AMD has an interesting portfolio of GPU technology as well as CPU , and the incorporation of GPU technology could provide further differentiation in niche markets . AMD has a choice of ways to monetize this IP , from selling systems based on its own processors ( possibly as early as late this year ) to providing reference designs and or licensing the architecture or selling components like the fabric ASICs . 4 . Will they also support ARM processors ? If AMD becomes the source of licensed IP for vendors wanting to chase HP in ultra - dense servers , they can also make money by licensing their technology and selling components for non - x86 architectures . 5 . What will Intel do ? At least one of Intel ’ s partners , HP , already has a fabric - based dense server design that can support x86 . Will Intel develop a similar reference architecture in the hopes that their major systems partners will adopt it ? All in all , many ways this could play out , but a bold move and one that may serve to trigger a rapid change in the types of servers available to users over the next 24 months .

43_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . forbes . com sites greatspeculations 2012 03 27 amd - completes - seamicro - acquisition - headed - to - 9 3 27 2012 @ 10 : 05AM AMD Completes SeaMicro Acquisition Headed to $9 AMD has completed its acquisition of SeaMicro as part of its strategy to regain lost server market share from Intel and better position itself against future competition from ARM - based players such as Nvidia . We previously wrote on how AMD can benefit from this acquisition ( see AMD Picks up SeaMicro to Strengthen Server Market Offering ) . Here we take a brief look at the price that AMD paid for SeaMicro , and what this implies about its growth expectations . AMD shelled out $334 million for the acquisition of SeaMicro . Since SeaMicro ’ s revenues or other financials were not disclosed , it becomes difficult to gauge whether the price paid was cheap or steep . However , based on certain assumptions , it is possible to understand the range of AMD ’ s growth expectations from SeaMicro . For the purpose of calculations , we assume that SeaMicro operates at EBITDA margin of close to 25% and apply similar corporate expenses ( as % of revenues ) including taxes , capital expenditures and others that we apply for AMD . If we assume SeaMicro ’ s revenues for 2012 will be somewhere around $50 million , it implies that AMD expects SeaMicro ’ s revenues to grow at an average annual rate of 43% to 44% over the course of our forecast period , which extends till 2018 . These revenues include both SeaMicro ’ s revenues as well as incremental benefit in server - related revenues from the acquisition . On the other hand , if we assume SeaMicro ’ s revenues for 2012 to be of the order of $150 million , it implies that AMD ’ s growth expectation for SeaMicro and related incremental server revenues stands at somewhere around 16% to 17% . According to AMD ’ s own calculations , it has paid a handsome price for the acquisition . Our price estimate for AMD stands at $9 . 21 , implying a premium of little under 15% to the market price .

