44_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . thewhir . com web - hosting - news hp - to - acquire - data - center - consultants HP to Acquire Data Center Consultants on November 13 , 2007 Electronics manufacturer Hewlett - Packard ( hp . com ) announced on Tuesday that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities ( eypmcf . com ) , a consulting company that specializes in strategic technology planning , design and operations support for large - scale data centers . Although no financial terms of the transaction were disclosed , it is expected to be completed within HP ’ s first fiscal quarter . By acquiring EYP MCF , HP will be able to help customers to better transform their data centers , optimize energy efficiency and position them for future business growth , says the company . Headquartered in New York , EYP MCF has approximately 350 employees with 13 offices in the US and the UK . The firm provides mission - critical services to enterprises around the world in business sectors including financial services , telecommunications , technology , broadcast , manufacturing and healthcare , as well as numerous federal , state and county government agencies . HP says that EYP MCF ’ s capabilities , particularly its expertise in energy - efficient operations , complement HP ’ s extensive data center services and cost - saving power and cooling solutions , such as Dynamic Smart Cooling . “ The data center is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , ” says John McCain , senior vice president and general manager , HP Services . “ Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP ’ s ability to help customers transform their data centers and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up . ”

44_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . bloggingstocks . com 2007 11 14 hewlett - packard - makes - another - acquisition - chases - ibm Hewlett - Packard makes another acquisition , chases IBM Posted Nov 14th 2007 12 : 41PM Hewlett - Packard Corp . ( NYSE : HPQ ) has opened up its checkbook once again . This time , the world's largest tech company by sales announced that it will be buying EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . That company , which provides data center consulting services , will become a division of HP for an undisclosed sum , according to sources . Is this a move to compete more headily with tech giant IBM Corp . ( NYSE : IBM ) ? It could certainly be seen that way . HP's growing presence in providing data center services and contract consulting is the core of IBM's business model these days , now that the latter is out of the hardware business . EYP provides design , technology planning and support for large data centers - - the kind that runs a large U . S . bank , credit card operation or manufacturing business . This is right in IBM's territory , and the move should put HP in a more competitive position to challenge IBM as a premier provider of computing services consulting . Does HP's Mark Hurd want to grow the company he leads into the biggest computing hardware and services manufacturing company the world has ever seen ? In a word , yes .

44_12ecbplus.xml
http : dealbook . nytimes . com 2007 11 15 hewlett - packard - engineers - deal - for - eyp ? _ r=0 NOVEMBER 15 , 2007 , 7 : 40 AM Hewlett - Packard Engineers Deal for EYP Hewlett - Packard agreed to buy EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a data center engineering firm , for an undisclosed sum in a deal that will provide an exit for TA Associates . The Boston private equity firm invested $57 . 5 million in EYP Mission Critical in 2001 . The target ’ s officials said at the time its post - money valuation was about $120 million .

44_13ecbplus.xml
http : www . zdnet . com blog btl hps - mark - hurd - thoughts - on - consolidation 6978 HP's Mark Hurd : Thoughts on consolidation Summary : During his keynote at Oracle OpenWorld , HP CEO Mark Hurd gave his views on market consolidation . It's an appropriate setting given Oracle has made 41 acquisitions in 45 months totalling . November 12 , 2007 - - 18 : 19 GMT ( 10 : 19 PST ) During his keynote at Oracle OpenWorld , HP CEO Mark Hurd gave his views on market consolidation . It's an appropriate setting given Oracle has made 41 acquisitions in 45 months totalling . HP is no slouch at acquisitions in its post - Compaq era , with more than 20 in the last few years , including Mercury for $4 . 5 billion for and most recently Opsware for $1 . 6 billion . Today , HP announced a small acquisition , EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a datacenter consulting service with 350 employees , while Oracle took a day off from its pursuits , which recently included BEA . Hurd sees continuing industry consolidation and vertical integration going forward , which is no surprise . Lately , some mid - size companies being bought out by private equity firms , and the larger companies are still on the hunt . Today , IBM took out Cognos for $5 billion . But he seems to suggest that the market is shaping up for some very large scale transactions in the next few years . "In the end , math wins . A handful of players have in excess of $100 billion in cash revenue . We'll see more consolidation , not less . At the same time , we are all getting a push from an IT perspective to do more standardization and to have fewer suppliers , " Hurd said . Over time , fewer suppliers means moving from the large buying the small - and medium - sized to the large munching on the large , more mergers of near equals , carving up the market into fewer fiefdoms within the complex bounds of global regulatory approval . "It could happen in two or three years if the right alignment of players occurs , " he added . Hurd didn't elaborate on the "right alignment of players , " and made a point of saying that he wasn't making a prediction . He explained that companies with lots of cash can pay dividends to shareholders , buy back stock or make acquisitions . "You have to measure the value of the three choices , and in many cases potential M&A activities will rise to the top . " "You can figure it out as well as I can , " Hurd told the rapt OpenWorld crowd . "The numbers won't mislead you . " Hurd is well known for his acumen with the numbers , but gave no further insights . Following the trajectory of the numbers for a moment , it's not that far fetched to see HP and Oracle in a consolidation supernova if the planets align in a certain way . Or , how about SAP and IBM , or some other combination . Or Cisco and HP . Or Microsoft and ? ? ? Take your pick . It's just ungoverned speculation , but consolidation in maturing market tends toward singularity . Of course , that could be the beginning of the end for those long established brands , as Google or a company no one had heard of rears its head and completely changes the rules of the game .

44_14ecbplus.xml
http : www . bizjournals . com albany stories 2007 11 12 daily10 . html Nov 13 , 2007 , 1 : 17pm EST HP will buy EYP Mission Critical Facilities HP of Palo Alto , Calif . , said it has agreed to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design and operations support for large data centers . Financial terms were not disclosed . Headquartered in New York City , EYP MCF has approximately 350 employees with 13 offices in the United States and the United Kingdom . Its Albany office , at 54 State St . , had total Capital Region engineering billings of $7 . 2 million in 2006 , according to The Business Review's latest List of Engineering Firms . Twenty of the office's 40 employees are engineers . HP said EYP MCF's expertise in energy - efficient operations are an attractive complement to HP's Data Center Services and its power and cooling products and services . . Peter Gross , CEO of EYP MCF , said worldwide data - center requirements are growing rapidly . Significant increases in power consumption is fueling demand for greater energy - efficiency , he said , which EYP MCF and HP will incorporate in the planning and design of data centers . HP expects the transaction to be completed during HP's first fiscal quarter , which will end Jan . 31 , 2008 .

44_15ecbplus.xml
http : www . domain - b . com companies companies _ h Hewlett - Packard 20071114 _ mission . html Hewlett - Packard to buy consulting firm EYP Mission Critical Facilities news 15 November 2007 Technology products and services company Hewlett - Packard said on Monday 12 November that it has agreed to buy data centre consulting company EYP Mission Critical Facilities for an undisclosed sum . The New York - based EYP specialises in technology planning , design and operations support for large data centres . It has about 350 employees with offices in the US and the UK . Its customers are in the financial services , telecommunications , technology , broadcast , manufacturing and health care sectors , as well as the government . HP said the acquisition will boost its ability to help clients improve their data centres and build new computing environments . The deal is expected to close in January 2008 .

44_1ecb.xml
Can EDS Remain Vendor-Neutral Under HP` s Thumb ? Will EDS remain open-minded about obtaining products and services from other vendors ? Industry analysts contacted by eWEEK generally say they believe that Hewlett-Packard 's forthcoming $ 13.9 billion acquisition of Electronic Data Systems ? announced officially on May 13 is a good move for both companies , although there will be the usual integration snafus over vendor neutrality issues , business lines , culture shock and layoffs . Analysts have also said it is a good move overall for customers and potential customers , because the combined company will offer them a greater palette of products and services from which to choose . A combined HP-EDS will certainly put a new kind of pressure on IT services leader IBM . IBM 's $ 54 billion-per-year Global Services arm-by far the largest in the world-will start to feel the heat from the combined HP-EDS entity , which will start out at a net worth of $ 38 billion per year . For high-end enterprise IT services before this merger , the market consisted of IBM and everybody else . IT Swiss army knife is all can openers The biggest unanswered question on people 's minds involved vendor neutrality for EDS and its current customers . EDS for years was a sort of IT Swiss army knife in that it used whatever products and services from other vendors were needed to complete its job correctly and within budget constraints . With its impending new ownership by one of those key vendors , that picture may change . `` We do n't know what will happen with EDS ' vendor neutrality , '' Rick Sturm , founder and president of Enterprise Management Associates , told eWEEK . Overall , my take is that this transaction sounds great in theory , but there many potential pitfalls . This is one of them . For example , EDS has largely standardized on management software from CA . Will they migrate to HP software now ? That would take a long time and a lot of money , '' Sturm said . `` On the other hand , it does n't make sense to help support a competitor with license and maintenance fees . That is just one small point regarding neutrality . '' EDS , in fact , has a large current contract with CA for network and systems management in direct competition to HP 's OpenView . CA had no immediate comment May 13 . At least initially , Sturm said , there will be little noticeable impact on customers from the deal . `` There will probably be some service impacts once the organizations truly merge and consolidate resources , '' he said . `` [ HP CIO ] Randy Mott has been driving data center consolidation and standardization . I expect that effort will be renewed with EDS . Disruptions are inevitable with such migrations . ''

44_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . datacenterknowledge . com archives 2007 11 12 hp - acquires - eyp - mission - critical - facilities HP Acquires EYP Mission Critical Facilities November 12th , 2007 HP has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . ( EYP MCF ) , one of the leading data center design and engineering firms . HP said the acquisition will help its customers equip their data centers for improved energy efficiency and high - density environments . Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed . EYP MCF is headquartered in New York and has approximately 350 employees with 13 offices in the United States and the U . K . The company has designed hundreds of technology - intensive mission critical facilities . EYP MCF ’ s expertise in green data center design and energy efficiency was a driver in the deal , as it aligns with HP ’ s extensive power and cooling solutions , such as Dynamic Smart Cooling . “ The data center is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , ” said John McCain , senior vice president and general manager , HP Services . “ Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP ’ s ability to help customers transform their data centers and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up . ” “ Worldwide data center requirements are rapidly growing , with significant year - over - year increases in power consumption , which is fueling demand for energy - efficient power and cooling strategies , ” said Peter Gross , chief executive officer of EYP MCF . “ HP and EYP Mission Critical Facilities will drive innovation by integrating IT infrastructure into the planning and design of the data center , enabling the customer ’ s whole organization to be more energy efficient and adaptive . ” EYP staff are familiar to many in the industry for their presentations at conferences . Gross has spoke often on the advantages of DC power distribution in data centers , while Richard Sawyer has given well - received presentations on managing risk from the emergency power off ( EPO ) button . The deal is subject to certain closing conditions and is expected to be completed within HP ’ s first fiscal quarter .

44_2ecb.xml
Hewlett-Packard is negotiating to buy technology services provider Electronic Data Systems in a deal that could help the world 's largest personal computer maker snap up more data management and consulting contracts . Palo Alto-based HP and Plano , Texas-based EDS confirmed the talks yesterday shortly after The Wall Street Journal reported a deal could be reached as early as today . Citing unnamed people familiar with the matter , the Journal said HP will pay $ 12 billion to $ 13 billion - a price that translates to $ 24 to $ 26 per share . The companies declined to comment beyond their confirmation of the talks . EDS shares soared $ 5.27 , or nearly 28 percent , to finish yesterday at $ 24.13 . HP shares dropped $ 2.49 , more than 5 percent , to close at $ 46.64 as investors fretted over the deal 's logistics . HP ended January with nearly $ 10 billion in cash . With a market value of about $ 115 billion , HP could easily use its own stock to finance the purchase . Like many corporate marriages , bringing together HP and EDS could trigger cultural clashes that ruin the union , said AMR Research analyst Dana Stiffler . `` Palo Alto versus Plano wrangling will destroy any short-medium-term benefit unless there 's a strong integration road map , '' she predicted . If the deal is completed , it would be HP 's biggest acquisition since it bought Compaq Computer Corp. for $ 19 billion in 2002 . HP has been trying to expand its technology consulting and data management business for years , hoping to challenge rival IBM 's leadership in the lucrative field . In 2000 , HP attempted to buy PricewaterhouseCoopers ' consulting division before those discussions unraveled . IBM wound up buying PricewaterhouseCoopers ' consulting arm instead . The demand for technology consulting and customer support services has steadily grown during the past two decades as the automation of corporate America and the rise of the Internet prompted more businesses to hire outside help to help ensure all the computer software and hardware runs smoothly . IBM 's technology services division brought in revenue of $ 54 billion last year , accounting for half of the company 's total sales . Combined , EDS and HP 's technology services division had about $ 39 billion in revenue last year . Acquiring EDS also could yield more government work for HP , which had about $ 500 million in prime federal contracts in fiscal 2007 . EDS is far better connected , with deals worth about $ 2.5 billion - putting it among the top 10 among government technology contractors . Combined , HP and EDS still would lag significantly behind government contractors such as Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Company . EDS earned $ 716 million on $ 22.1 billion in revenue last year . The Texas company has been linked with possible deals previously , including a reported interest by Deutsche Telekom late last year and Dell before that . None of the companies ever confirmed reports that they were talking . Former IBM salesman H. Ross Perot left IBM to start EDS in 1962 and practically invented the business of running other companies ' computer systems , now called information-technology or IT services . Perot sold EDS to General Motors for $ 2.5 billion in 1984 and eventually became so disillusioned with how that deal worked out that he sold his remaining EDS shares to the carmaker so he could start a rival service bearing his name . GM spun off EDS as an independent company in 1996 and remained its largest customer . EDS was riding high at the start of the decade , despite the dot-com bubble 's bursting . But in late 2002 , earnings shortfalls led to investor lawsuits , a Securities and Exchange Commission investigation , the ouster of the chief executive and a sharp drop in the stock price . The company lost $ 1.7 billion in 2003 , but it gradually righted itself under CEO Michael Jordan , a retired CBS and Westinghouse CEO who was hired to lead a turnaround . Jordan fixed some money-losing contracts , including a multibillion-dollar deal to build a communications network for the Navy and Marine Corps , and began cutting costs by sending thousands of jobs to low-cost countries such as India .

44_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . hp . com hpinfo newsroom press 2007 071112xa . html HP to Expand Data Center Services with Acquisition of Global Consulting Company EYP Mission Critical Facilities Nov . 12 , 2007 HP today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . ( EYP MCF ) , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design and operations support for large - scale data centers . By acquiring EYP MCF , HP will be better able to help customers to transform their data centers , optimize energy efficiency and position them for future business growth . Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed . Headquartered in New York , EYP MCF has approximately 350 employees with 13 offices in the United States and the U . K . The firm provides mission - critical services to enterprises around the world in business sectors including financial services , telecommunications , technology , broadcast , manufacturing and healthcare , as well as numerous federal , state and county government agencies . From data centers and command and control centers , to trading floors and supercomputing sites , EYP MCF has designed hundreds of technology - intensive , high - performance facilities where monitoring , operational and energy efficiencies are top - priority business requirements . EYP MCF ’ s capabilities – particularly its expertise in energy - efficient operations – complement HP ’ s extensive Data Center Services and cost - saving power and cooling solutions , such as Dynamic Smart Cooling . “ The data center is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , ” said John McCain , senior vice president and general manager , HP Services . “ Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP ’ s ability to help customers transform their data centers and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up . ” Peter Gross , chief executive officer of EYP MCF , said , “ Worldwide data center requirements are rapidly growing , with significant year - over - year increases in power consumption , which is fueling demand for energy - efficient power and cooling strategies . HP and EYP Mission Critical Facilities will drive innovation by integrating IT infrastructure into the planning and design of the data center , enabling the customer ’ s whole organization to be more energy efficient and adaptive . ” The transaction is subject to certain closing conditions and is expected to be completed within HP ’ s first fiscal quarter . Media teleconference HP will hold a media teleconference to discuss the announcement at 7 : 15 - 7 : 45 a . m . PT today . Dial - in number : +1 877 268 9324 . Conference ID : 24256919 . A replay of the call will be available later in the day . About EYP Mission Critical Facilities , Inc . EYP Mission Critical Facilities , Inc . ( www . eypmcf . com ) is a consulting firm whose unique approach to achieving clients ’ energy - efficient operational continuity is based upon the integration of strategic technology planning , innovative design and on - site support . Through developing proprietary products and processes , authoring technical white papers , and presenting at international conferences , EYP MCF is recognized as a worldwide thought leader in the mission - critical industry . About HP HP focuses on simplifying technology experiences for all of its customers – from individual consumers to the largest businesses . With a portfolio that spans printing , personal computing , software , services and IT infrastructure , HP is among the world ’ s largest IT companies , with revenue totaling $100 . 5 billion for the four fiscal quarters ended July 31 , 2007 . More information about HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) is available at http : www . hp . com .

44_3ecb.xml
Hewlett-Packard bets EDS will fuel hot streak With its second-largest deal , computer giant hopes to grab bigger share of the $ 550 billion technology-services market Riding a hot streak that has doubled its stock price in three years , Hewlett-Packard is rolling the dice on a $ 13.2 billion acquisition of technology services provider Electronic Data Systems . The all-cash deal , announced Tuesday , represents HP 's biggest gamble under the leadership of Mark Hurd , who was hired as chief executive in March 2005 to turn around the maker of personal computers and printers . Hurd has relentlessly cut costs while demanding better execution from the company 's remaining workers . Meanwhile , HP has recovered from a nagging financial hangover that was exacerbated by the biggest acquisition in its 69-year history -- the $ 19 billion purchase of Compaq Computer , completed in 2002 over strident shareholder objections . Hewlett-Packard 's purchase of Electronic Data Systems could mean tougher competition for IBM and its 10,500 Triangle employees . HP estimates that the deal , when completed , will give it about 7 percent of the technology services market , compared with IBM 's 10 percent share . That means that if things go well long term , HP could catch Big Blue in the business of providing technology services such as data management , information technology outsourcing and consulting , said Morningstar equity analyst Rick Hanna . `` While IBM is a clear No. 1 now ... HP-EDS is a real player and potentially a long-term threat , '' Hanna said . In the short term , IBM has little to worry about , Hanna said , given its clear leadership in technology services , which accounts for about 60 percent of its revenue . Now HP will try to show that it learned from its mistakes by making the second-largest deal in its history pay off more quickly . Investors are worried that HP is taking an unnecessary risk on EDS , whose disappointing profit margins had caused its stock to drop by about 30 percent in the past year . HP shares sagged $ 2.56 Tuesday to finish at $ 44.27 . `` It appears to be a very daunting deal , '' said American Technology Research analyst Shaw Wu . The $ 25-per-share sale price represents a nice payoff for EDS stockholders , who will receive a nearly 33 percent premium compared with the company 's share price before news of the HP talks leaked out Monday . EDS shares added 26 cents to close at $ 24.34 Tuesday . Including EDS ' net debt , HP values the acquisition at $ 13.9 billion . Based on EDS ' nearly 530 million common shares , restricted stock units and options , the sales prices works out to $ 13.2 billion . That represents about one-fourth of the $ 50 billion increase in HP 's market value since Hurd joined the company . HP prizes EDS because it wants to become a much bigger competitor in technology services -- a wide-ranging category that includes running computer data centers , stitching together software programs and consulting on special projects for business and government clients .

44_3ecbplus.xml
http : searchdatacenter . techtarget . com news 1281793 HP - gets - into - data - center - design - acquires - EYP - Mission - Critical - Facilities HP gets into data center design ; acquires EYP Mission Critical Facilities Published : 13 Nov 2007 Hewlett - Packard Co . announced yesterday that it will acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . , a data center consulting business , to bolster its own position in the data center facilities space .

44_4ecb.xml
Big Blue to Meet Its Match in HP-EDS The repercussions from the merger of Electronic Data Systems ( EDS Quote - Cramer on EDS - Stock Picks ) with Hewlett-Packard ( HPQ Quote - Cramer on HPQ - Stock Picks ) will ripple broadly throughout the tech industry . H-P announced Tuesday that it will buy the outsourcing services company for $ 13.9 billion . The deal will be bad `` for anyone that does n't have H-P or IBM ( IBM Quote - Cramer on IBM - Stock Picks ) on their business card , '' said IDC analyst Bob Welch . Even IBM , the leader in the global services and outsourcing business , will ultimately feel the pressure. Gartner puts the worldwide market for IT services in 2007 at $ 748 billion . With $ 54 billion in services revenue , IBM had 7.2 % of the market . At $ 22 billion , EDS had 3 % , while H-P had 2.3 % . And the merger could throw a wrench into EDS 's Agility Alliance , a group of vendors that regularly coordinate to supply hardware , networking , software and services to EDS 's outsourcing clients . The partnership has been very effective for EDS and its partners , Welch said .

44_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . controleng . com single - article hp - acquires - eyp - mission - critical - facilities 75be7c900488edada025180684d28b6b . html HP acquires EYP Mission Critical Facilities HP today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design , and operations support for large - scale data centers . 11 12 2007 HP today announced that it has signed a definitive agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities Inc . ( EYP MCF ) , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design , and operations support for large - scale data centers . By acquiring EYP MCF , HP will be better able to help customers to transform their data centers , optimize energy efficiency , and position them for future business growth . Headquartered in New York , EYP MCF has approximately 350 employees with 13 offices in the United States and the UK . The firm provides mission - critical services to enterprises around the world in business sectors including financial services , telecommunications , technology , broadcast , manufacturing , and healthcare , as well as numerous federal , state , and county government agencies . From data centers and command and control centers , to trading floors and supercomputing sites , EYP MCF has designed hundreds of technology - intensive , high - performance facilities where monitoring , operational , and energy efficiencies are top - priority business requirements . EYP MCF ’ s capabilities %%MDASSML%% particularly its expertise in energy - efficient operations %%MDASSML%% complement HP ’ s extensive Data Center Services and cost - saving power and cooling solutions , such as Dynamic Smart Cooling . “ The data center is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , ” said John McCain , senior vice president and general manager , HP Services . “ Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP ’ s ability to help customers transform their data centers and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up . ” Peter Gross , chief executive officer of EYP MCF , said , “ Worldwide data center requirements are rapidly growing , with significant year - over - year increases in power consumption , which is fueling demand for energy - efficient power and cooling strategies . HP and EYP Mission Critical Facilities will drive innovation by integrating IT infrastructure into the planning and design of the data center , enabling the customer ’ s whole organization to be more energy efficient and adaptive . ” The transaction is subject to certain closing conditions and is expected to be completed within HP ’ s first fiscal quarter .

44_5ecb.xml
HP and EDS combined would be about the same size as IBM Global Services . Industry sources have confirmed to eWEEK that Hewlett-Packard will acquire Electronic Data Systems for about $ 13 billion . The announcement may come as early as May 14 , the source told eWEEK . HP acknowledged the news first earlier May 12 . `` There can be no assurances that an agreement will be reached or that a transaction will be consummated , '' HP said in a statement . `` HP does not intend to comment further until an agreement is reached or discussions are terminated . '' EDS 's response came about an hour later , also in the form of a statement . In response to market rumors , Electronic Data Systems Corporation announces that it is in advanced discussions regarding a possible business combination transaction with Hewlett-Packard Company . The company does not intend to comment further unless and until a definitive agreement has been entered into . There can be no assurance that a definitive agreement will be entered into , `` the EDS statement read . The impending deal would make the newly merged company worth about $ 22 billion and put it on a level with IBM , the largest IT services company in the world . EDS is the world leader in outsourced IT services ; HP provides outsourced services too , but focuses mostly on hardware , software and associated services .

44_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . informationweek . com hp - to - acquire - data - center - cooling - energy 202805320 HP To Acquire Data Center Cooling , Energy Specialist EYP November 12 , 2007 03 : 57 PM Hewlett - Packard on Monday said it has agreed to buy EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a consulting company that specializes in data center cooling and energy efficiency . Financial terms were not disclosed . The acquisition , expected to close by the end of January , would provide HP with proprietary services and technology related to one of the hottest issues today in data center planning and design . Because EYP services start at the ground level of data - center design , the company would give HP an early entry with its cooling technology and energy - efficient storage products . EYP , based in New York , has 350 employees spread through 13 offices in the United States and the United Kingdom . Most of its operations , employees , and management team would be folded into HP . EYP is led by chairman Steven Einhorn and chief executive Peter Gross . The need for more storage is growing as companies expand their businesses and strive to meet legal and regulatory requirements for handling electronic documents . Additional storage , however , also can increase energy consumption to run and cool more powerful servers . EYP's proprietary products and services include EnerOpt , a software - based process to assess and benchmark energy efficiency ; a cooling design concept called Cool Design ; and a direct current powered facility design called DC2 . "Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP's ability to help customers transform their data centers and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up , " John McCain , senior VP and general manager for HP Services , said in a statement . Industries in which EYP has customers include financial services , technology , telecommunications , broadcast , manufacturing , and health care . The company also serves federal , state and local government agencies . Besides the EYP deal , HP has made other data center - related acquisitions this year . The largest was the $1 . 6 billion purchase of Opsware , a maker of data center automation software ; and the $214 million buy of Neoware , a maker of hardware and software for thin - client desktop systems .

44_6ecb.xml
Impact of EDS merger on South Charleston unclear It 's too early to tell what impact - if any - Hewlett-Packard Co. 's decision to acquire Electronic Data Systems Corp. will have on EDS ' operations in South Charleston , an EDS spokesman said . Earlier this month Hewlett-Packard unveiled a bid of nearly $ 14 billion bid to purchase EDS . EDS has about 50 employees in Building 6000 at the South Charleston Technology Park . The workers manage the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development 's computer network of more than 18,000 users in more than 80 locations . EDS won the 10-year contract in 2003 . Bill Ritz , EDS spokesman , pointed out that Hewlett-Packard 's acquisition of EDS still needs the approval of regulators and EDS ' stockholders . `` The deal is supposed to close sometime in the second half of 2008 , '' Ritz said . `` Until it closes , both companies are competitors and it will be business as usual . We will continue to put our customers first and serve them and help them compete in the global marketplace . '' Any cuts in staff are pure speculation at this point , Ritz said . `` A lot of work still needs to be done , '' he said . `` We need to let this play out and keep the focus on our customers and remember we are separate companies now . ''

44_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . eweek . com c a IT - Infrastructure HP - Snaps - Up - Data - Center - Consulting - Firm HP Snaps Up Data Center Consulting Firm Posted 2007 - 11 - 12 The acquisition of EYP Mission Critical Facilities will help the OEM expand its services division . In a move that will expand its services division , Hewlett - Packard will acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a New York company that offers data center consulting services . Financial details of the acquisition , announced Nov . 12 , were not disclosed . HP announced that the deal would close during its first financial quarter . EYP Mission , which has 350 employees and 13 offices in the United States and the United Kingdom , helps plan , design , build and support large - scale data centers . In a statement , HP executives said EYP Missions emphasis on designing energy - efficient facilities will complement its own data center technology , such as HP Dynamic Smart Cooling . At the HP Technology Forum & Expo in June , CEO Mark Hurd said the company needs to move away from its traditional roots as a hardware company that sells PCs and servers and toward a business that focuses on delivering software and services to customers . Part of the change is to offer more services for businesses that are looking to revamp or build new data centers , with an emphasis on offering better power efficiency by cutting down on power and cooling costs . In addition to HP , the other top - tier OEMs—IBM Sun Microsystems and Dell—have looked to expand their services divisions as a way to add to the bottom line , while offering customers a new set of choices to support data centers by lending their own level of expertise to the problems of maintaining these types of facilities . "The data center is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , " John McCain , senior vice president and general manager of HP Services , said in a statement . EYP Mission has experience in a number of fields that require data center services , including financial services , telecommunications , technology , broadcast , manufacturing and healthcare , as well as numerous federal , state and county government agencies .

44_7ecb.xml
Hewlett-Packard 's CEO says he believes the EDS acquisition will make the company 's service offerings stronger . Hewlett-Packard CEO Mark Hurd believes that the $ 13 billion acquisition of Electronic Data Systems will help build out HP 's enterprise services offerings and `` accelerate '' the company 's reach into new accounts , he said . In a May 20 conference call with reporters to announce HP 's 2008 second-quarter financial earnings , Hurd offered his thoughts on the upcoming acquisition of EDS . While Hurd could not say when the deal would close , he noted that HP is already looking at ways to integrate its software and services portfolio with EDS ' business . Hurd implied that HP will streamline costs to make the acquisition profitable for shareholders as soon as possible . Several analysts have said they believe that HP , through its acquisition of EDS and other companies , is looking to build a services division that will create an all-in-one shop for building state-of-the art data centers .

44_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . networkworld . com news 2007 111207 - hp - acquires - eyp - green - consultancy . html HP to acquire green consultancy EYP HP signs agreement to acquire EYP Mission Critical Facilities and incorporate energy - efficient - facilities expertise into HP's data center services November 12 , 2007 02 : 14 PM ET As part of its efforts to support energy - efficient computing , HP Monday announced it has signed an agreement to acquire facilities consulting firm EYP Mission Critical Facilities for an undisclosed sum . HP says the deal , which will bring EYP MCF's 350 employees into a new division under HP Services , will help HP better address customers' needs for more efficient data centers . The combined EYP and HP Services will let large , enterprise companies couple efficient facilities design with an optimized IT infrastructure . Until recently , HP officials say , IT executives handled facilities and data - center design efforts separately . With this acquisition , HP aims to bring the two more closely together and help build dynamic computing environments from the start . "Data center transformation is a key focal point for the HP Services team , " says John McCain , senior vice president and general manager of HP Services . "Power consumption is becoming one of the largest components in terms of the bill in data centers today . " To combat the increase in energy spending , HP Labs has developed technology to conserve energy and delivers it via such products as HP Dynamic Smart Cooling and HP Thermal Zone Mapping . The deal , according to EYP MCF representatives , will let consultants expand beyond facilities planning and offer expertise in large - scale data - center design . "IT infrastructure is ready for a major paradigm shift in the way that mission - critical facilities are delivered to the marketplace , " says Steve Einhorn , chairman of EYP MCF . "The data center and its facility are ready for a major change . " HP says it expects the deal to close by its first fiscal 2008 quarter , which ends January 31 .

44_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . infoworld . com d green - it hp - lands - green - datacenter - consultant - eyp - 725 NOVEMBER 12 , 2007 HP lands green datacenter consultant EYP Extending its reach into the ripening green - consulting space , HP today announced the acquisition of EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design and operations support for large - scale datacenters . Extending its reach into the ripening green - consulting space , HP today announced the acquisition of EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a consulting company specializing in strategic technology planning , design and operations support for large - scale datacenters . The financial details of the acquisition were not disclosed . HP's aim , however , is clear : to tap into the growing demand for more energy - efficient datacenters by bolstering its existing Data Center Services , and no doubt hawking more HP gear along the way . "The datacenter is the foundation of IT for enterprises , an essential building block for driving business growth and adapting to changing business objectives , " said John McCain , senior vice president and general manager of HP Services in a written statement . "Acquiring EYP Mission Critical Facilities boosts HP's ability to help customers transform their datacenters and build dynamic computing environments from the ground up . " EYP has developed a green reputation since its establishment in 2001 as a split - off from A E giant Einhorn Yaffee Prescott . Headquartered in New York with 13 offices worldwide and technical staff of more than 350 , the company's arsenal of tools includes a homegrown software package called EnerOpt , designed to assess and optimize energy consumption in the datacenter . Among its clients , the company claims 25 percent of the Fortune magazine's list of top EPA Green Partners . Moreover , the company designed the first LEED - rated datacenter for Fannie Mae in Urbana , Maryland , and is currently designing a datacenter for the Lawrence Berkeley National Labs . Like other big - name hardware companies , including IBM , Dell , and Sun , HP has been playing up the green credentials of its wares , such as its Smart Dynamic Cooling offering , power capping features in its Systems Insight Manager software , and its recently announced line of more energy - efficient ProLiant BL460c blades . Moreover , the big boys of technology have also started adding more green - hued services to their portfolios . In August , IBM added http : blogs . business2 . com greenwombat 2007 08 ibm - moves - into - . html ">carbon consulting to business consulting operation . Also in August , Sun unveiled an Eco Services Suite . BT is also on the list . HP's acquisition of EYP is subject to certain closing conditions and is expected to be completed within HP's first fiscal quarter .

44_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . cio - weblog . com 50226711 hp _ digs _ further _ into _ consulting . php HP digs further into consulting November 12 , 2007 10 : 30 pm HP has been moving fast and strong into services and have continued the trend with today's acquisition of EYP Mission Critical Facilities , a consulting firm specializing in large data center design and operations support . Coming on the heels of last month's expansion of their SaaS offerings , one imagines that before long you will simply be able to turn your keys over to HP and take off on a long vacation while they provision , support , and run your business . In fact , this may not be far from the vision that CEO Mark Hurd has for the company , as revealed today also during his keynote speech at Oracle's OpenWorld conference . Consolidation has clearly been on his mind , and the recent acquisitions presage more in the future , driven as he states by " … a push from an IT perspective to do more standardization and to have fewer suppliers , " as well as a number of players with an excess of cash on hand . While I am certainly one of those pushing from the IT perspective to have fewer suppliers and more standardization , you have to be careful how you go about it , and although I am sure acquisition such as EYP MCF are brilliant for HP's business , I am skeptical about their value to customers . I think the conflation of purveyors of advice with purveyors of service and equipment is dangerous and if anyone was expecting to get unbiased opinion out of EYP MCF about the gear to build out their data center with , that's probably gone by the wayside . Consolidation can be a boon when it results in better alignment and firmer standards ; the danger is when the alignment locks you in to a vendor and the standards turn out to be proprietary .

