45_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . swoknews . com news - top area item 10470 - jury - convicts - man - in - womans - death Jury convicts man in woman's death Saturday , 28 September 2013 01 : 43 A jury in eastern Oklahoma has convicted a Spiro man of two counts of first - degree murder in the 2012 shooting death of his pregnant girlfriend . The jury deliberated almost seven hours Thursday before convicting 27 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson in the death of 20 - year - old Ka'loni Flynn , of Fort Smith , Ark . The jury recommended the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole , the Southwest Times Record reported ( http : bit . ly 16vDN3E ) . He is to be sentenced Nov . 8 . Prosecutors allege that Simpson shot Flynn twice in the head because he did not want another child to support . A DNA expert testified that Simpson fathered the fetus . "I'm glad it's over . I'm glad we got the verdict we got , " said Flynn's father , Herbert Flynn . "She deserved it . " During closing arguments , Crawford County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jacob Howell showed a photograph of Flynn's body in the driver's seat of car , with bullet wounds to her temple and forehead . Some audience members gasped loudly . "We know that's how we got here , " Howell said , indicating the photo . Prosecutors acknowledged that the case against Simpson was complicated and mostly circumstantial .

45_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . kctv5 . com story 23548345 jury - convicts - spiro - man - in - arkansas - womans - death Jury Convicts Spiro Man In Shooting Death Of Pregnant Girlfriend Posted : Sep 27 , 2013 5 : 50 PM Updated : Sep 27 , 2013 5 : 50 PM A jury in eastern Oklahoma has convicted a Spiro man of two counts of first - degree murder in the 2012 shooting death of his pregnant girlfriend . The jury deliberated almost seven hours Thursday before convicting 27 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson in the death of 20 - year - old Ka'loni Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . The Southwest Times Record reports that the jury recommended the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole . Formal sentencing is set for 11 a . m . on Nov . 8 . Prosecutors allege that Simpson shot Flynn twice in the head because he did not want another child to support . A DNA expert testified that Simpson fathered the fetus . Simpson's attorney , Warren Gotcher , argued that no witnesses could place Simpson at the shooting scene and that his client was innocent .

45_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . thv11 . com news article 280467 370 Trial - begins - for - Spiro - man - on - 2 - murder - counts The murder trial of a Spiro man charged in the deaths of a pregnant Arkansas woman and her fetus is underway in Poteau . Prosecutors have charged 27 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson with two counts of first - degree murder in the April 2012 shooting death of 20 - year - old Ka'Loni Flynn of Fort Smith and the resulting death of the fetus . The Times Record reported Friday that trial is expected to last several days . Prosecutors say Simpson called Flynn several times and arranged to meet her on a rural road , then shot her in the head . Defense attorney Warren Gotcher said Simpson did not call Flynn and never owned a phone like the one that called her the night she was killed . Gotcher also denied that Simpson was the father of Flynn's baby .

45_1ecb.xml
Scott Peterson has been found guilty of first-degree murder , a verdict that means he could be executed if these same jurors vote as the `` conscience of their community '' that he deserves to die for his crimes . So Scott Peterson was convicted because he 's a liar and a cheat and a fink and because his famous lawyer was unable to come up with a plausible explanation for why Laci Peterson 's body washed up where it washed up . In fact , he was convicted in part because defense attorney Mark Geragos offered so many explanations for Peterson 's conduct and Laci 's disappearance that prosecutors were able to make jurors laugh about the implausibility of them all . In essence , the jury concluded that the circumstances surrounding Laci Peterson 's disappearance and death could not reasonably be explained in any other way but that Scott Peterson wanted her dead so he could continue and perhaps expand his secret life with Amber Frey . Peterson was found guilty because jurors believed he had a motive to kill his wife and that Peterson 's conduct -- before , during and after Laci Peterson 's disappearance -- was too suspicious to be purely coincidental .

45_1ecbplus.xml
http : swtimes . com news leflore - jury - simpson - guilty - killing - pregnant - girlfriend Posted September 26 , 2013 - 3 : 47pm Updated September 27 , 2013 - 6 : 56am LeFlore Jury : Simpson Guilty Of Killing Pregnant Girlfriend A Spiro man was found guilty of two counts of first - degree murder Thursday evening in the 2012 shooting death of a Fort Smith woman and the subsequent death of her 8 - to 12 - week - old fetus . A nine - woman , three - man LeFlore County jury deliberated almost seven hours before finding Christopher Kenyon Simpson , 27 , guilty of two counts of first - degree murder . Jurors recommended the maximum sentence , life without the possibility of parole and a $10 , 000 fine on both counts . Formal sentencing is set for 11 a . m . Nov . 8 before LeFlore County District Judge Jon Sullivan . Flynn's father Herbert Flynn of Fort Coffee said later , "I'm glad it's over . I'm glad we got the verdict we got . She deserved it . " After the courtroom emptied , Crawford County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jacob Howell and District 27 Assistant District Attorney Anthony Evans credited the verdict in the complicated and mostly circumstantial case to smart , attentive jurors . In closing arguments on the sixth day of Simpson's trial , Howell projected onto a video screen a photo of 20 - year - old victim Ka'Loni Flynn's body sitting in the driver's seat of her car , bullet wounds to her forehead and temples . Some audience members gasped audibly in the crowded , otherwise quiet courtroom gallery . "We know that's how we got here , " Howell said , indicating the photo . "I hope we showed you this was investigated thoroughly , and that every possible suspect was investigated and excluded except one , " Howell said . The prosecution contends Simpson planned the murders , then shot Flynn execution - style twice in the head on Easter Sunday , April 8 , 2012 , killing her and her fetus because he did not want another child to support , and Flynn refused an abortion . A DNA expert testified earlier that Simpson fathered the fetus . Howell contended Simpson's planning began in early April 2012 when he asked Mackenzi Clayton , a relative , about tracking a pay - as - you - go phone . Throughout the investigation and court proceedings , Simpson repeatedly denied having bought such a phone despite a Walmart video showing him doing so , then on Wednesday he testified he bought it , but for Clayton , not for himself , Howell said . Howell reminded the jury that Flynn's roommate testified Flynn left their apartment around 10 : 30 p . m . April 8 , a time matching the 10 : 30 p . m . call Simpson's cousin's wife testified she saw him engaged in at her garage . Howell reminded jurors that Verizon Wireless , Cricket Wireless and Federal Bureau of Investigation cellular analysis experts testified about how the calls between the phone Simpson purchased and Flynn's phone pinged in cell towers covering the U . S . 271 corridor where Simpson planned to spend the night with his cousins in Fort Smith and the rural McGinnis Lane area between Pocola and Spiro where Flynn's body was found . Between 10 : 37 and 10 : 58 p . m . April 8 , the pay - as - you - go phone called Flynn's phone six times . Arkansas State Trooper Mary Minor testified she pulled Flynn over at 10 : 46 p . m . for speeding on Interstate 540 . Flynn was heading toward Oklahoma , Minor stated . Howell said at 11 : 01 p . m . Flynn's phone called the pay - as - you - go phone , and two employees of the Sac - N - Pac near McGinnis Lane testified they heard two to three gunshots around 11 p . m . Howell contended Simpson's whereabouts were not accounted for between 10 : 30 p . m . and 11 : 21 p . m . , when he made a purchase at an E - Z Mart near his cousins' home . And Howell reminded jurors that Simpson's cousins testified they became concerned about Simpson's prolonged absence for the quick trip to the E - Z Mart and called him three times beginning at 11 p . m . Those calls rolled to voice mail . In his closing statement , defense attorney Warren Gotcher of McAlester argued that the two Sac - N - Pac clerks stayed outside on their smoke break for 10 minutes after hearing the gunshots and never saw a car exit McGinnis Lane . Gotcher argued the timeline evidence showed Simpson couldn't have been involved . He said area resident Erica Hawkins saw Flynn's car in the roadway at 11 : 41 p . m . , and pulled around to shine her bright headlights on it . He reminded jurors that Hawkins testified the driver's window was rolled down and she saw a red light inside the car , but she didn't see anyone in the car . Gotcher suggested the light could have been from a phone charger found unattached on the seat next to Flynn . Gotcher said when deputy Terry Springwater arrived on the scene around 3 a . m . April 9 , the car window was rolled only three - fourths the way down , the parking lights were on , the trunk was unlatched and there was a body in the car . Gotcher reminded jurors an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation expert testified that Flynn's body had not been moved after she was shot . "Sometime between 11 : 41 p . m . and 3 a . m . , the window was rolled three - fourths the way down , parking lights turned on and trunk unlatched and maybe the phone charger disconnected , " Gotcher contended . He contended , too , that Clayton testified as the prosecution wished because he was afraid his parole would be revoked , and that Simpson's cousins , likewise , testified as they had because they'd been threatened with a firearms charge and having their child taken away . Evans contended Simpson attempted character assassination of Flynn and attempted to divert blame for her murder to others because "the defendant has the spotlight on him , and it's hot , and he needs to get it off him . So what does he do ? He pushes it over here . Desperate men do desperate things . " Evans contended Simpson destroyed or manipulated evidence throughout the investigation . "I submit to you that beyond a reasonable doubt , the defendant is guilty of killing Ka'Loni Flynn , and when he shot her , he also killed his own child , " Evans said .

45_2ecb.xml
On November 12 , a jury in Redwood City , California , convicted Scott Peterson of first-degree murder in the death of his wife , 23-year-old Laci , and second-degree murder in the death of his 8-month-old unborn son , whom the couple were planning to name Conner . Laci disappeared from the couple 's home in Modesto , California , 23 months ago . The bodies of Laci and Conner later washed up in the San Francisco Bay , near where Scott told police he had gone fishing the day his wife disappeared .

45_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . 4029tv . com news arkansas river - valley okla - man - guilty - of - killing - pregnant - girlfriend - 14498626 22146034 - x2e4j2z - index . html ? absolute=true Okla . man guilty of killing pregnant girlfriend Published 9 : 46 PM CDT Sep 26 , 2013 An Oklahoma man was found guilty Thursday on two first - degree murder charges for the deaths of an Arkansas woman and her fetus , according to Crawford County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jacob Howell . Christopher Kenyon Simpson of Fort Coffee is accused of fatally shooting Ka'Loni Marie Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . Prosecutors allege Simpson shot Flynn after she told him she was pregnant . Flynn's body was found in a car near Spiro on April 9 . Simpson faces life in prison . He will be sentenced November 8 .

45_3ecb.xml
Dozens of people in Laci Peterson 's hometown who were donating blood in her memory applauded when they heard a jury 's decision to execute Scott Peterson for the murder of his pregnant wife

45_3ecbplus.xml
http : newsok . com oklahoma - man - pleads - not - guilty - in - deaths - of - arkansas - woman - and - her - fetus article 3742740 Oklahoma man pleads not guilty in deaths of Arkansas woman and her fetus Published : January 3 , 2013 An Oklahoma man has pleaded not guilty to two first - degree murder charges for the deaths of an Arkansas woman and her fetus . Trial is set for June 17 for 26 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson of Fort Coffee , who is accused of fatally shooting Ka'Loni Marie Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . A local newspaper reports that Simpson has been held without bond at the LeFlore County Jail since his arrest on June 21 . Flynn's body was found in a car near Spiro on April 9 . Prosecutors allege Simpson shot Flynn after she told him she was pregnant . Lawyers for Simpson don't want prosecutors to be able to use phone records that allegedly place Simpson in the area of the slaying on grounds that authorities obtained them without a warrant .

45_4ecb.xml
Laci Peterson 's loved ones have `` a hole in their hearts that will never be repaired , '' a prosecutor told jurors today as he asked them to send convicted double-murderer Scott Peterson to his death for killing his wife and unborn son . The jury convicted the 32-year-old Peterson on Nov. 12 of first-degree murder for killing his wife and second-degree murder for the death of his unborn son .

45_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . metronewsday . com news 21899 - okla - man - guilty - of - killing - pregnant - girlfriend . html Okla . man guilty of killing pregnant girlfriend An Oklahoma man was found guilty Thursday on two first - degree murder charges for the deaths of an Arkansas woman and her fetus , according to Crawford County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jacob Howell . Christopher Kenyon Simpson of Fort Coffee is accused of fatally shooting Ka'Loni Marie Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . Prosecutors allege Simpson shot Flynn after she told him she was pregnant . Flynn's body was found in a car near Spiro on April 9 . Simpson faces life in prison . He will be sentenced November 8 .

45_5ecb.xml
Peterson , 32 , was convicted of two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife , Laci , and her fetus .

45_5ecbplus.xml
http : scallywagandvagabond . com 2013 09 christopher - simpson - shoots - pregnant - girlfriend - dead - cause - didnt - want - another - child - support Christopher Simpson shoots pregnant girlfriend dead cause he didn't want another child to support . An Oklahoma jury has found 27 year old Christopher Simpson guilty of first degree murder of his then pregnant 20 year old girlfriend Ka'loni Flynn and their 12 week unborn child . The murder came after Flynn resisted Simpson's demands to have an abortion and his reluctance with having to 'deal with another child to support . ' In finding Christopher Simpson guilty the jury recommended that he be sent to maximum life in prison without parole . His sentencing is scheduled for November 8 . Prosecutors allege that Simpson , who has at least one child from a past relationship , shot Flynn twice in the head because he did not want another baby to support . A DNA expert testified that the 27 - year - old fathered the 12 - week - old fetus . The murder is said to have taken place on April 9 at 3 am in Flynn's car which was parked at the time . It wasn't until in late June that authorities arrested Christopher Simpson believing that he was the chief instigator of her death . Told the deceased's father , Herbert Flynn Jr : 'I'm glad it's over . I'm glad we got the verdict we got . She deserved it . ' During closing arguments , Crawford County Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Jacob Howell showed a photograph of Flynn's body in the driver's seat of car , with bullet wounds to her temple and forehead . Prosecutors went on to acknowledge that the case against Simpson was complicated and mostly circumstantial . Told Howell : 'I hope we showed you this was investigated thoroughly , and that every possible suspect was investigated and excluded except one . ' Simpson's attorney , Warren Gotcher , argued that no witnesses could place Simpson at the crime scene and that his client was innocent . Prosecutor Anthony Evans countered by telling that Simpson was trying to deflect blame because 'the defendant has the spotlight on him , and it's hot , and he needs to get it off him . So what does he do ? He pushes it over here . Desperate men do desperate things . ' According to a police affidavit , the couple had been dating for about three months when the 20 - year - old found out she was pregnant . Purportedly Simpson became angry and expressed that he did not want to be a father again . Pushed to get an abortion , Flynn declined telling Christopher Simpson that she did not believe in abortion . Of course the better question may have been if either one of the couple believed in using contraceptives and if not why ? Herbert Flynn Jr told 5News after Simpson's arrest that on the night of his daughter's murder , she was planning to meet with her boyfriend to ask for help in applying for government assistance . Around the time of the shooting , Simpson was late on child support payments for his 7 - year - old daughter , and according to a local sheriff , he had made statements to his friends that he did not want another child . After Flynn's death , a witness told police that Simpson bragged to him that his girlfriend's killing will never be solved because it was 'too clean' and 'the perfect murder . ' The 20 - year - old woman , who aspired to be a nurse , allegedly told a friend a short time before the slaying that Simpson had threatened to end the pregnancy for her if she refused to abort the baby .

45_6ecb.xml
The case first captured the nation 's attention when Laci Peterson disappeared from her Modesto home the day before Christmas 2002 and has engrossed the country ever since . Unlike on Nov. 12 , when sobs filled the air as Peterson was found guilty of murdering his wife and their unborn child , there was an almost surreal stillness in the courtroom while the death recommendation was announced . Peterson was convicted Nov. 12 of first-degree murder for the death of Laci Peterson and second-degree murder for the death of their unborn son just before Christmas 2002 . The same jury that recommended Peterson 's penalty found him guilty of the first-degree murder of his wife and the second-degree murder of his unborn child .

45_6ecbplus.xml
http : m . news9 . com Story . aspx ? story=23548345&catId=112032 Jury Convicts Spiro Man In Shooting Death Of Pregnant Girlfriend Posted : Sep 27 , 2013 10 : 50AM CDT A jury in eastern Oklahoma has convicted a Spiro man of two counts of first - degree murder in the 2012 shooting death of his pregnant girlfriend . The jury deliberated almost seven hours Thursday before convicting 27 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson in the death of 20 - year - old Ka'loni Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . The Southwest Times Record reports that the jury recommended the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole . Formal sentencing is set for 11 a . m . on Nov . 8 . Prosecutors allege that Simpson shot Flynn twice in the head because he did not want another child to support . A DNA expert testified that Simpson fathered the fetus . Simpson's attorney , Warren Gotcher , argued that no witnesses could place Simpson at the shooting scene and that his client was innocent .

45_7ecb.xml
A jury found Scott Peterson guilty Friday of killing his pregnant wife , Laci , and their unborn child in the saga of suburban adultery and betrayal that transfixed much of the nation for nearly two years . Peterson , a 32-year-old fertilizer salesman from Modesto , showed no emotion , staring stonily at the jury box as the foreman announced a finding of first-degree murder in the death of Laci and second-degree murder in the death of their near-term son , whom the couple had named Conner .

45_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . newsuk24 . com news man - found - guilty - of - shooting - dead - pregnant - girlfriend - execution - style - because - he - didn - t - want - another - child - to - support Man found GUILTY of shooting dead pregnant girlfriend execution - style because 'he didn't want another child to support' September 27 , 2013 A jury in eastern Oklahoma has convicted a 27 - year - old man of shooting dead his pregnant girlfriend and her unborn baby after she refused to get an abortion . The jury deliberated almost seven hours Thursday before convicting Christopher Kenyon Simpson , of Spiro , in the death of 20 - year - old Ka'loni Flynn , of Fort Smith , Arkansas . The jurors recommended the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole . Simpson is scheduled to be sentenced November 8 .

45_8ecb.xml
Upon learning of his death sentence , Scott Peterson sat defiantly still and tight-jawed , the same vacant expression he wore throughout a murder trial in which he never spoke .

45_8ecbplus.xml
http : man - was - discovered . rsspump . com ? key=201309280508e8 . man - found - guilty - shooting - dead - pregnant Man found GUILTY of shooting dead pregnant girlfriend execution - style because Released 2013 - 09 - 28 05 : 08 : 35 GMT A jury in eastern Oklahoma has convicted a 27 - year - old man of shooting dead his pregnant girlfriend and her unborn baby after she refused to get an abortion . The jury deliberated almost seven hours Thursday before convicting Christopher Kenyon Simpson ,

45_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . kxii . com news ok headlines Okla - man - pleads - not - guilty - in - Ark - womans - death - 185575162 . html An Oklahoma man has pleaded not guilty to two first - degree murder charges for the deaths of an Arkansas woman and her fetus . Trial is set for June 17 for 26 - year - old Christopher Kenyon Simpson of Fort Coffee , who is accused of fatally shooting Ka'Loni Marie Flynn of Fort Smith , Ark . The Southwest Times Record reports Simpson has been held without bond at the LeFlore County Jail since his arrest on June 21 . Flynn's body was found in a car near Spiro on April 9 . Prosecutors allege Simpson shot Flynn after she told him she was pregnant . Lawyers for Simpson don't want prosecutors to be able to use phone records that allegedly place Simpson in the area of the slaying on grounds that authorities obtained them without a warrant .

