5_10ecb.xml
The Philadelphia 76ers fired coach Maurice Cheeks on Saturday , one day after the team continued its slide with a season-worst offensive effort , dpa reported . Expected by many to be one of the top teams in the Eastern Conference , the 76ers have opened 9-14 with eight losses in their last 10 games , including Friday 's dispirited 88-72 setback at Cleveland . Cheeks was replaced on an interim basis by assistant general manager Tony DiLeo , a long-time member of the team 's front office. DiLeo will coach the Sixers in Saturday 's game at Washington and is expected to remain coach for the rest of the season . A year ago , the Sixers fired president Billy King and replaced him with Ed Stefanski , who gave Cheeks a one-year contract extension through the 2008-09 season and another one-year extension earlier this year , after Philadelphia used a second-half surge to make the playoffs for the first time since 2005 . `` Decisions of this nature are never easy , and this was particularly difficult due to the great amount of respect I have for Maurice Cheeks , '' Stefanski said . `` However , at this time I felt that it is in the best interest of this team to make a change while there is still time to accomplish the goals we set forth for ourselves at the start of the season . '' In the off-season , Stefanski landed free agent forward Elton Brand and reinked young stars Andre Iguodala and Louis Williams to long- term deals . The addition of Brand was supposed to transform Philadelphia into a contender . However , Brand and Iguodala have had difficulty getting their games to mesh . Cheeks has had disagreements with starting centre Samuel Dalembert , benching him for long stretches . The team heard boos in Wednesday 's home loss to Cleveland . A Philadelphia fixture who spent his first 11 seasons as a player with the 76ers and had his number-10 jersey retired by the club , Cheeks is 122-147 in three-plus seasons as head coach in the City of Brotherly Love . Cheeks came to Philadelphia from Portland , where he was 162-139 with two postseason appearances in three-plus seasons . DiLeo has never been an NBA coach . He was a scout and assistant coach before moving into management as director of player personnel in 1999 . He became assistant GM in 2003 . DiLeo played and coached for 10 seasons in West Germany and was named coach of the year in 1987 in the top West German league . `` Tony DiLeo has a wealth of basketball knowledge and coaching experience - both in the NBA and on the international level - and is familiar not only with our current group of players but the style of play we are striving to attain on a consistent basis , '' Stefanski said . Cheeks is the fifth coach fired this season , after PJ Carlesimo of Oklahoma City , Eddie Jordan of Washington , Sam Mitchell of Toronto and Randy Wittman of Minnesota . There is speculation that Stefanski may reach out to Jordan , as the two worked together with the New Jersey Nets earlier this decade .

5_10ecbplus.xml
http : forums . nba - live . com viewtopic . php ? f=44&t=25677 Sixers Hire Maurice Cheeks as Head Coach Maurice Cheeks was officially introduced as the 21st head coach of the 76ers . Cheeks , who played for the Sixers for 11 seasons and served as an assistant coach for seven , was named coach after Jim O'Brien was relieved of his coaching duties .

5_11ecb.xml
Maurice Cheeks has been fired as head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers following the club 's disappointing 9-14 start to the season . The Sixers have dropped their last three and are just 2-8 in their last ten after high expectations following an offseason that brought Elton Brand to Philly . Cheeks had signed an extension to his contract in September that was guaranteed through next year but the club felt they needed to make a change to reverse their fortunes . Assistant general manager Tony DiLeo will replace Cheeks as the interim head coach and he is expected to hold the position through the year . Philadelphia fans had expected the 76ers to be a contender this year following a playoff appearance one year ago and then adding Brand .

5_12ecb.xml
Never before in NBA history have coaches fallen this early in the season in such numbers . Now , Maurice Cheeks became the NBA 's fifth coaching casualty of the season . On Saturday , Cheeks was fired as head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers . With the off-season acquisition of Elton Brand , the 2008-09 season was supposed to be a good one for the Sixers . Unfortunately , it has n't played out that way to date . Despite leading the team in scoring , Brand has not yet lived up to expectations and the rest of the team also has struggled . The Sixers have a record of 9-14 and had been expected to be a playoff contender in the Eastern Conference . According to the Associated Press , the dismissal came hours before the 76ers were to play at home Saturday night , with DiLeo now making his coaching debut against Washington . DiLeo has spent 19 seasons with the 76ers . He was promoted to senior vice president/assistant general manager in 2003 . Cheeks was one of more the popular players in 76ers history and was starting his fourth season as coach . GM Ed Stefanski had given Cheeks two contract extensions in the past season , but the slow start was enough to cost him his job .

5_13ecb.xml
Philadelphia 76ers management had enough of the NBA team lurking near the bottom of the Eastern Conference standings and fired head coach Maurice Cheeks on Saturday . Assistant general manager Tony DiLeo was named interim coach . `` Decisions of this nature are never easy , and this was particularly difficult due to the great amount of respect I have for Maurice Cheeks , '' team president and general manager Ed Stefanski said . `` However , at this time I felt that it is in the best interest of this team to make a change while there is still time to accomplish the goals we set forth for ourselves at the start of the season . '' The 76ers dropped their third game in a row on Friday , an 88-72 setback to Cleveland , and occupy last place in the Atlantic Division with a 9-14 record . Cheeks would become the fifth NBA coach fired this season , along with P.J. Carlesimo ( Oklahoma City ) , Eddie Jordan ( Washington ) , Sam Mitchell ( Toronto ) and Randy Wittman ( Minnesota ) . The former 76ers point guard for much of the 1980s came back to the city to assume coaching duties prior to the 2005 season . Last season he led the club to their first postseason berth in four years . Cheeks has an overall record of 284-286 , which includes nearly four years as coach of Portland . Stefanski had given Cheeks two contract extensions in the past season , but the slow start was enough to cost him his job . The Sixers have hardly resembled last season 's up-tempo group that advanced to the playoffs , despite the addition of free agent Elton Brand . DiLeo has spent 19 seasons with the 76ers and was promoted to senior vice president and assistant general manager in 2003 . Prior to joining the organization he had amateur coaching experience . Philadelphia host the Washington Wizards on Saturday .

5_14ecb.xml
The Philadelphia 76ers fired Coach Maurice Cheeks Saturday morning after a disappointing 9-14 start to the 2008-09 season . The Sixers had a three-game losing streak going into Saturday night 's contest against Washington , and more had been expected from a team that signed free-agent forward Elton Brand to a five-year , $ 80 million contract in the off-season . `` I made the decision because I felt we were not progressing the way we wanted to progress , '' said general manager Ed Stefanski at a news conference . `` I feel on the floor we were n't executing the philosophy that we want to have as Sixers basketball . '' Stefanski said Tony DiLeo , the team 's assistant general manager and senior vice president , will coach the team the rest of this season . Excluding Brand 's 15.9 points and 10 rebounds , the team 's stars have not played up to past standards . Andre Miller is averaging 15.5 points per game , Andre Iguodala 14.9 points , a drop of five points per game from last season , while Samuel Dalembert is down almost five points per game with his 5.8 points and just over two rebounds . Cheeks compiled a 162-139 record in three-plus seasons and coached the 76ers to 40 regular-season victories in 2007-08 before a six-game loss to Detroit in the Eastern Conference quarterfinals . He is the fifth NBA head coach fired this season , joining Oklahoma City 's P.J.Carlesimo , Washington 's Eddie Jordan , Toronto 's Sam Mitchell and Minnesota 's Randy Wittman .

5_1ecb.xml
Maurice Cheeks is out as Philadelphia 76ers head coach . General manager Ed Stefanski announced Tony DiLeo , the team 's assistant general manager and senior vice president , will take over as the head coach for the remainder of the season . Stefanski fired Cheeks with the Sixers floundering at 9-14 and in the basement of the Eastern Conference 's Atlantic Division . As recently as a season ago , when speaking about Cheeks ' new contract extension , Stefanski said , `` we are excited about the future under this direction . '' That changed dramatically on Saturday . `` I made the decision because I felt we were not progressing the way we wanted to progress , `` said Stefanski . `` I feel on the floor we were n't executing the philosophy that we want to have as Sixers basketball . I told Mo we needed to go in a different direction and make a change . He was very gracious about it . He 's a Sixer and is rooting for us to turn this around . '' This past offseason , the Sixers bolstered their youthful , athletic roster with frontline cornerstone Elton Brand , who is leading the team in scoring ( 15.9 ) and rebounding ( 10.0 ) but is significantly short of his career scoring average and has already missed time this season due to injury . The expectations were high for a team that won 40 games and took Detroit to six games in the Eastern Conference quarterfinal round last season . Cheeks did not meet them . Friday night 's 88-72 loss in Cleveland , the team 's eighth in 10 games , was apparently the last straw. Cheeks is the fifth NBA head coach to be fired this season . `` I believe in this team . We are better than this , `` said Stefanski . `` We are going to make it better . We will find a way to improve on this team. `` The member of the Sixers ' 1982-83 NBA championship team started his head coaching career in Portland , where he finished with a 162-139 mark and a pair of playoff appearances . He guided a transition in Philadelphia from the Allen Iverson era and won more games than expected last season behind a rising star , Andre Iguodala , a young frontcourt led by Samuel Dalembert and a veteran presence at point guard , Andre Miller . Miller is averaging 15.5 points per game this season , but Iguodala is averaging just 14.9 points per contest , a drop of five points per game from last season . Dalembert is down almost five points per game ( 5.8 ppg ) and just over two rebounds ( 8.0 ) per contest . DiLeo is in his 19th season with the Sixers basketball operations department . He spent four seasons as the team 's director of personnel ( 1999-2003 ) before being promoted to senior VP and assistant GM in September 2003 .

5_1ecbplus.xml
http : articles . philly . com 2005 - 05 - 24 news 25441279 _ 1 _ sixers - samuel - dalembert - 10 - win - improvement Cheeks returns as Sixers' fixer Jim O'Brien was shown the door after a single tumultuous season . Posted : May 24 , 2005 Billy King spun the 76ers' head coach revolving door again yesterday , pushing out Jim O'Brien after just one season and bringing in Maurice Cheeks , the popular former Sixers player and assistant coach , as O'Brien's replacement . Nearly three weeks after the Sixers ended their season , King decided to fire O'Brien , who still has two years and $8 million left on the contract he signed when he was hired by the Sixers on April 21 , 2004 . Cheeks , who was fired March 2 as head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers , is the fourth head coach since King took over as the team's president and general manager on May 26 , 2003 . That is the same date that Larry Brown resigned from the Sixers after six seasons , the last time coaching stability existed with the team . Cheeks was a second - round draft choice of the 76ers in 1978 and played for 11 seasons with the team . He was the point guard and floor leader of the Sixers' 1983 NBA title team . At a news conference last night at the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medicine , King said he had the support of Ed Snider , the chairman of Comcast - Spectacor , the team's owner , for his latest moves even though the Sixers will be paying ex - coaches Randy Ayers ( $2 million ) and O'Brien along with Cheeks next season . "In talking with Ed , we felt the main focus was that we want to make the right decisions and not let money be the factor , " King said . "We think we owe it to our fans and the city of Philadelphia to do that . " Cheeks , 48 , a four - time NBA all - star while with the Sixers , was fired from the Blazers , his first head coaching job , in the middle of his fourth season . He led the team to a 162 - 139 record . Two years ago , after Brown resigned , King looked to Cheeks to take over as Brown's successor . But the Trail Blazers rebuffed him three times , because Cheeks was still under contract to them . The Sixers then hired Ayers , who lasted 52 games before being replaced by Chris Ford . King said he decided on Saturday to fire O'Brien , and then checked with Cheeks to see if he'd be interested in the job . Cheeks said he would be , and King called him again yesterday and reached a deal after notifying O'Brien of his decision . Terms of the deal were not disclosed . When King hired O'Brien , he had called him a "perfect fit" for the job . O'Brien did lead the Sixers to a 43 - 39 record - a 10 - win improvement over the previous season - and a playoff berth and coached Allen Iverson to his fourth NBA scoring title . But in evaluating the season , King said he didn't think the Sixers were heading in the right direction . He had a problem with the team's style of play , which included reliance on the three - point basket and a defense that protected the paint but had trouble getting out on perimeter shooters . There was also talk that O'Brien was aloof and not communicative with his players . He did not start Samuel Dalembert , a developing young center , until the season's 19th game , and he did not play Willie Green with Iverson for much of the season's final four months because he felt that was a bad matchup defensively . King said that in his postseason meetings with players , "not one of them said they wouldn't play for Jim . . . that they'd all come back ready to go and try to go further in the playoffs . " But other things bothered him . King said he didn't want to make a snap decision when the season ended on May 3 , the day that the Detroit Pistons eliminated the Sixers from the playoffs . He talked to his management team , went on vacation for a week , then made his decision on Saturday . "In the interview process with Jim , there were a lot of things that we talked about , " King said . "But in watching the season , evaluating our young players' development and evaluating our style of play , it wasn't something I was comfortable with . " Reached by telephone yesterday , O'Brien declined to comment . "I'm not going to have any discussion about this , " he said . King said that when he broke the news yesterday to O'Brien , "He asked why , and I told him that I just felt there were some things that took place that I don't think will change and we're going to make a change . He said , 'Thank you . ' " Snider , who attended King's news conference , said he backed King . "I really don't question Billy at all , " he said . "I know what went on in the process when he made this decision , as well as the decision to hire Jim O'Brien . I've supported his moves , and I still do . " O'Brien was excited to come back to Philadelphia because of his roots in the city . Cheeks , who is expected to speak at a press conference today , is excited to be coming back to Philadelphia because of all the success he enjoyed here as a player , followed by seven seasons as an assistant coach . "Mo is family , " King said . "Mo bleeds 76ers . He bleeds Philadelphia . " He is still the franchise's all - time leader in assists and steals . Cheeks also played with San Antonio , New York , Atlanta and New Jersey before retiring in 1993 . Cheeks returned to the Sixers in 1994 as an assistant coach and stayed for seven seasons until the Trail Blazers hired him as head coach on June 27 , 2001 . Under Cheeks' guidance , the Blazers made the playoffs in 2002 and 2003 , but did not get out of the first round . They missed the postseason in 2004 , breaking a streak of 21 consecutive years in the playoffs , and were wracked by dissension . "I look at Mo Cheeks and I know Mo Cheeks , " King said . "If players have problems with Mo Cheeks , then there's got to be something wrong with those players . " Under O'Brien , the former head coach of the Boston Celtics , Iverson moved from shooting guard to point guard and responded with an MVP - caliber season , winning his fourth NBA scoring title . But O'Brien is gone now . Cheeks is in . And King knows he's being held accountable . "I look in the mirror every day , " King said . "I'm not somebody that's above scrutiny , but I think I try to do the best I can and make the best decisions . "

5_2ecb.xml
Maurice Cheeks was fired Saturday as coach of the Philadelphia 76ers , who are slumping at 9-14 a year after making the playoffs . Assistant general manager Tony DiLeo was appointed coach for rest of the season . The dismissal came hours before the 76ers were to play at home , with DiLeo making his coaching debut against Washington . Team president Ed Stefanski said he met with Cheeks , describing the former 76er star as a `` gentleman throughout '' and a `` class act . '' `` I felt we were not progressing the way we had wanted to progress , '' Stefanski said . `` I did n't feel on the floor we were executing the philosophy we wanted to have as Sixers basketball . '' Cheeks was one of more the popular players in 76ers history and was starting his fourth season as coach. Stefanski had given Cheeks two contract extensions in the past season , but the slow start was enough to cost him his job . Cheeks became the fifth NBA coach fired this season following P.J. Carlesimo ( Oklahoma City ) , Eddie Jordan ( Washington ) , Sam Mitchell ( Toronto ) and Randy Wittman ( Minnesota ) . A message left on Cheeks ' cell phone was not immediately returned . DiLeo has spent 19 seasons with the 76ers . He was promoted to senior vice president/assistant general manager in 2003 . His son , T.J. DiLeo , is a guard for Temple and he said after the Owls ' 88-72 win over No. 8 Tennessee that he was excited his father had a chance to coach . `` I think it 's unfortunate for Mo , he 's a great coach , but my dad is ready to step in , `` DiLeo said . `` This caught us by surprise . We had no idea . '' DiLeo said he had n't talked to his father yet , but noticed one missed call from him on his cell phone . Cheeks led the 76ers to the playoffs last year for the first time while he was coach . Philadelphia was one of the surprise teams in the East last season , and the 76ers anticipated a deep run in the playoffs this year . They signed Elton Brand to a five-year deal worth nearly $ 80 million last summer , but they have struggled with him in the lineup and have lost eight of 10 . Last season , the 76ers lost in the first round to Detroit . After an 18-30 start , Philadelphia won 18 of its next 23 games and wound up at 40-42 , the sixth seed in the Eastern Conference . Stefanski rewarded Cheeks with two contract extensions in seven months that would have taken him to the end of next season . Instead , with the team on a three-game losing streak and last in the Atlantic Division , he did n't even last until the end of the calendar year . Cheeks also coached at Portland . He played 15 seasons in the NBA , the first 11 with Philadelphia , and retired in 1993 . An outstanding defensive player , Cheeks played in four All-Star games and was a member of the 76ers ' championship team in 1982-83 . His No. 10 jersey hangs in the rafters .

5_2ecbplus.xml
http : sports . espn . go . com nba news story ? id=2066717 Mo Cheeks will take over as new coach Updated : May 24 , 2005 , 3 : 23 PM ET Maurice Cheeks is running the show again for the Philadelphia 76ers . In a surprising move nearly three weeks following the end of their season , the Sixers fired Jim O'Brien on Monday after one season as coach and replaced him with Cheeks , one of the most popular players in franchise history . "Mo is family . Mo bleeds 76ers . He bleeds Philadelphia , " team president Billy King said . Cheeks will be introduced as Philadelphia's 21st head coach at a Tuesday news conference . Philadelphia is certainly banking on the former point guard to have a happier homecoming than O'Brien , a Philadelphia native who played for Saint Joseph's . O'Brien's stubbornness and seemingly unwavering belief in a system that didn't fit his players cost him his job despite a 43 - 39 record and a return to the playoffs . "I just felt the direction we were going and the overall play wasn't where we wanted to go , " King said . O'Brien just finished the first year of a three - year deal that included an option and paid him about $4 million a year . O'Brien , though , was not very popular with his players - - most notably former All - Star Chris Webber - - who often complained about their roles . King said after the Sixers were eliminated in the first round of the playoffs by Detroit that he planned to bring O'Brien back . After meeting with his players and other members of management , King had a change of heart and decided over the weekend he had to make a change . Certainly , King knows a thing or two about making changes - - Cheeks will be the fifth Sixers coach in four years under his watch . Larry Brown left for Detroit following the 2002 - 03 season , and assistant Randy Ayers was promoted and fired 52 games into the 2003 - 04 season before he was replaced by Chris Ford . "I knew this thing was coming , and it wasn't an easy thing for anybody , " Brown said from Miami before coaching the Pistons in the Eastern Conference finals . "Knowing Billy , it's not easy to let a coach go . His relationship with Randy was pretty strong . I think it was hard for him to let Chris go . He was excited about having Jimmy , but I don't think it ever gets easy . " Cheeks was one of the most popular 76ers from 1978 - 89 and played on Philadelphia's last championship team in 1983 . He also spent seven seasons as an assistant coach for the 76ers , was part of the staff under Brown when they went to the NBA Finals in 2001 and developed a strong bond with Allen Iverson . Cheeks was fired March 2 after nearly four seasons as coach of the Trail Blazers . He had a 162 - 139 record in Portland , the fourth - highest win total in Blazers history . Cheeks guided the team to the playoffs his first two seasons , but the players hardly made Cheeks' tenure easy - - on or off the court . The team was nicknamed the "Jail Blazers" after several brushes with the law , many of them involving marijuana possession . "If players have problems with Mo Cheeks . . . then there's got to be something wrong with those players , " King said . But Cheeks' return to the city where he was a four - time All - Star shouldn't come as a surprise . The Trail Blazers turned down Philadelphia's request to speak to Cheeks as a possible replacement for Brown , but the former point guard always remained popular with Philly fans and was at the top of the Sixers' short list to take over for Ford . Now , they'll get their wish . "We do not want to change coaches [ again ] , " Sixers chairman Ed Snider said . "We've seen enough coaches . " The Sixers will pay Ayers , O'Brien and Cheeks next season . "I don't think it's something we're very proud of , but I don't think it reflects poorly , " Snider said . O'Brien is the son - in - law of Hall of Fame coach Jack Ramsay . He led the Sixers to a 10 - win improvement from a year ago and they returned to the playoffs , largely on the back of a healthy , happy Iverson . While O'Brien avoided public spats with Iverson , he did not have the full support of the rest of the team . Some of the younger players , like Samuel Dalembert and Willie Green , felt they did not develop like they should have under O'Brien and were unsure about their roles . "In looking at the development of some of them , yeah , I wasn't pleased , " King said . The Sixers also failed to really understand O'Brien's defense , a sticking point even in the postseason . "Some of the criteria on our defense wasn't there , " King said . Cheeks , who once famously came to the rescue of a 13 - year - old girl who forgot the words to the national anthem before a playoff game , now hopes to bail out his former team and bring them another championship . "Mo has played this game here in Philadelphia , won a championship here in Philadelphia , understands players , understands defenses , understands the way I think we want to play , " King said .

5_3ecb.xml
Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Ed Stefanski announced that the team has relieved Maurice Cheeks of his head coaching responsibilities . Cheeks will be replaced on an interim basis by Sixers Senior Vice President and Assistant General Manager Tony DiLeo , who will remain in the position through the end of the 2008-09 season . `` Decisions of this nature are never easy , and this was particularly difficult due to the great amount of respect I have for Maurice Cheeks , '' Stefanski said . `` However , at this time I felt that it is in the best interest of this team to make a change while there is still time to accomplish the goals we set forth for ourselves at the start of the season . `` Tony DiLeo has a wealth of basketball knowledge and coaching experience - both in the NBA and on the international level - and is familiar not only with our current group of players but the style of play we are striving to attain on a consistent basis . '' DiLeo is in his 19th season with the Sixers organization and was in his fifth as the team 's Senior Vice President and Assistant General Manager . During his tenure with the Sixers , DiLeo has been involved in every aspect of the team 's basketball operations . In his role as Senior Vice President and Assistant General Manager , DiLeo was responsible for assisting Stefanski with player procurement via his evaluation of amateur and professional talent while supervising the team 's draft efforts and overseeing the college and professional scouting systems . Prior to that , DiLeo spent four seasons as the Sixers Director of Player Personnel ( 1999-2003 ) and has served as an Assistant Coach under Larry Brown , Jim Lynam , Fred Carter , John Lucas and Doug Moe . DiLeo has extensive experience in international basketball as both a player and a coach . He coached the former West German men 's and women 's teams from 1979-90 , winning nine national titles in that country 's top division , earning Coach of the Year honors in 1987 . Additionally , he was selected as the West German federation National Coach from 1981-85 and during that time , wrote and published the European Basketball Handbook , a guide designed to acclimate American players overseas . A star at Cinnaminson ( N.J. ) High School , DiLeo went on to play at Tennessee Tech and LaSalle University , where as a junior he was named first-team Academic All-American and went on to graduate maxima cum laude from the LaSalle School of Business . Cheeks was named the 21st head coach in team history on May 23 , 2005 . In just over three seasons at the helm for Philadelphia , Cheeks compiled a mark of 122-147 ( .454 ) . Last season , Cheeks guided the Sixers to the NBA Playoffs for the first time since the 2004-05 season , after starting the year with an 18-30 record . The Sixers went on to win 18 of their next 23 games , becoming just the sixth team in NBA history to go over .500 after being at least 12 games below .500 at some point during the same season . In 2006-07 , Cheeks helped rally the Sixers from a 5-19 start to make a push for the playoffs with a 35-47 record . Philadelphia increased their winning percentage to .519 in games played after January 1 , compared to a winning percentage of just .267 during the first two months of the year - the biggest improvement by any team in the league during that span . The Sixers also tied for the eighth best winning percentage after the All-Star break ( 18-11 ; .621 ) . In his first season as head coach of the Sixers , Cheeks guided the team to a 38-44 mark and fell just two wins shy of reaching the post-season . On April 18 of that year , he earned the 200th win of his coaching career . Cheeks record as an NBA head coach with both Portland and Philadelphia stands at 284-286 ( .498 ) .

5_3ecbplus.xml
http : query . nytimes . com gst fullpage . html ? res=9402E6D71239F937A15756C0A9639C8B63 PHILADELPHIA 76ERS Fired Jim O'Brien , coach . Named Maurice Cheeks coach .

5_4ecb.xml
Not because Mo Cheeks was long for the job with the Philadelphia 76ers . Like all coaches not in the upper stratosphere of the coaching hierarchy -- your Phil Jacksons and Gregg Popoviches -- he was only as good as his last 10-game stretch , only as secure as how well his star was playing . But the 76ers , while underachieving at 9-14 when Cheeks was fired Saturday morning , were not an embarassment when they went on the court , not a disjointed bunch that clearly was no longer listening to or playing for its coach . This was n't P.J. Carlesimo ( Oklahoma City ) or Eddie Jordan ( Washington ) , whose team 's putrid won-loss records sank any chance they had of survival . This was n't Sam Mitchell ( Toronto ) , whose differences of opinion with his general manager about his team 's personnel were too big to overcome . This was n't Randy Wittman ( Minnesota ) , whose fan base was staying away in droves as the paying public grew indifferent to the on-court product . The timing of this move by team president and general manager Ed Stefanski was a head-scratcher . `` It 's not 100 percent on the coach , '' a source with knowledge of the 76ers ' thinking said Saturday afternoon . `` But at the same time , we did n't seem to have a plan . '' Stefanski named assistant general manager Tony DiLeo coach for the rest of the season . DiLeo has a good reputation as a coach , spending time over the last two decades on the Sixers ' bench as an assistant and in Europe as a head coach . But unless circumstances change dramatically , Jordan -- who became close with Stefanski while both were in New Jersey earlier this decade -- will be the odds-on favorite to get the job permanantly . Many league execs still think quite highly of Jordan , and none of the players who matter in Washington threw Jordan under the bus after he was fired . Cheeks ' coaching moves have frequently been criticized over the years , both in Philadelphia and in Portland . But he lost his job this time not only because of Xs and Os , but because so many of the 76ers ' players that blossomed under him last season , including center Sam Dalembert , forward Andre Iguodala and guard Lou Williams , struggled to get going this season . And the moves Cheeks made , like benching second-year forward Thaddeus Young and elevating guard Willie Green , have n't produced enough dividends . `` Ed just was n't seeing any progress , '' the source said , and Stefanski expected more from a team that had signed free agent Elton Brand to an $ 82 million deal and re-signed core players Iguodala and Williams for $ 80 million and $ 25 million , respectively . `` We were n't progressing at the rate [ Stefanski ] thought we should , and he thought it was time for a move , '' the source said . Yet Stefanski can not escape criticism , either . Bringing Brand in was the signing coup of the NBA offseason , to be sure . But in doing that , Stefanski changed the team 's footprint . The Sixers are still a very good transition team . But when the game slows down , having to cater to Brand leaves the lane clogged . Last season , Iguodala , Young and Williams had driving room when Philly ran its halfcourt sets , and Dalembert showed occasional decent low-post play . But now , Brand is the man in the paint , forcing everyone else out on the perimeter . Left to fend for himself on the weakside , Dalembert 's numbers have plummeted , and Williams has just begun to play well . Brand is recovered from the Achilles ' injury that kept him out of all but eight games last season with the Clippers , but he 's been slowed by a bad hamstring , and his offensive numbers ( 15.9 points , a career-low .436 from the floor ) have been unspectactular . No matter what the stats say , Philly looks and plays slower this season . And Stefanski did n't get a big-time shooter who could stretch the court and take pressure off of Brand inside . Veterans Donyell Marshall and Kareem Rush , signed later in the summer by Philly , do n't strike much fear into opposing teams . The result is Philly 's 93.3 scoring average , 28th in the league ( only Charlotte and Oklahoma City have scored 100 points fewer times than Philadelphia 's six ) , and .314 percentage behind the three-point line , 26th in the league . `` Everybody zones them , '' an Eastern Conference executive said Saturday . The Sixers had just scored one of their more impressive victories eight days ago , rallying from a double-digit deficit in the second half to win on the road at Detroit . True , they had bad losses early to the Bobcats and Timberwolves , and lost a home-and-home to the Cavaliers on Wednesday and Friday . But last we checked , Cleveland was 20-3 , owner of an 11-game win streak and the only remaining undefeated team at home this season . The Cavs are rolling , and losing to them is no embarassment . Another league source with knowledge of the team 's thinking said Saturday that the Cleveland losses played no role in Cheeks 's firing . Cheeks received his second one-year contract extension in less than a year last September , taking him through the 2009-10 season . While Stefanski did n't hire Cheeks ( that was former president Billy King , whom Stefanski replaced early last season ) , Stefanski and Cheeks had quickly established a solid , working relationship with one another . Cheeks quickly acquiesced last year when Stefanski asked him to give more time to the team 's younger players , getting Young and young vets Rodney Carney and Williams bigger minutes . The transition transformed the team , as the 76ers went on a 19-7 run last spring , turning opponents over and becoming deadly in transition . They rode their hot streak into the playoffs , where they stretched Detroit to six games before succumbing in the first round . They were n't a finished product , though , and it was no secret that Brand was Stefanski 's target , just as he 'd been King 's ultimate target . After a brief dalliance with Atlanta free agent Josh Smith , So Stefanski cleared as much cap room as possible , sending Carney and center Calvin Booth to Minnesota , and then struck , getting Brand to spurn his former team , the Clippers , as well as the Warriors , for the Sixers ' $ 80 million offer -- the `` Philly Max , '' as Brand later called it . After keeping Iguodala and Williams , all the heat was on Cheeks . Saturday , he became the latest coach -- one-sixth of the league 's head men already gone in little more than five weeks -- to succumb to the pyre .

5_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . insidehoops . com obrien - cheeks - 052305 . shtml Philadelphia 76ers Fire Coach Jim O'Brien , Hire Maurice Cheeks May 23 , 2005 Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced today that Jim O'Brien has been relieved of his duties as head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers . No decision has been reached on O'Brien's staff at this time . O'Brien was hired as the 20th coach of the 76ers on April 21 , 2004 and posted a record of 43 - 39 in 2004 - 05 . Overall , in five seasons as an NBA head coach , O'Brien recorded a mark of 182 - 158 ( . 535 ) , including a record of 139 - 119 ( . 539 ) with the Boston Celtics from 2000 - 04 . O'Brien has served on the coaching staffs at seven different universities , including head coaching positions at Wheeling Jesuit College ( 1982 - 87 ) and University of Dayton ( 1989 - 94 ) . He owns a 135 - 156 ( . 464 ) record at the collegiate level in 10 seasons as a head coach . Also today , Philadelphia 76ers President and General Manager Billy King announced that Maurice Cheeks has been hired as the 21st head coach of the Philadelphia 76ers . Cheeks arrives in Philadelphia after three - plus seasons as head coach of the Portland Trail Blazers . He recorded a mark of 162 - 139 ( . 538 ) in Portland , the fourth - highest win total in Blazers history . During his time in Portland , the Blazers reached the NBA Playoffs twice , and his 2002 - 03 squad tied for second in the Pacific Division with a 50 - 32 record . He joined the Blazers on June 27 , 2001 , after serving seven seasons as an assistant coach for the 76ers . Cheeks worked under head coaches John Lucas ( 1994 - 96 ) , Johnny Davis ( 1996 - 97 ) , and Larry Brown ( 1997 - 2001 ) . In 2000 - 01 under Brown , Cheeks helped guide the 76ers to a record of 56 - 26 ( . 683 ) and a spot in the NBA Finals . Cheeks , 48 , logged an impressive 15 - year NBA career , spending 11 seasons in Philadelphia . The four - time All - Star ( 1983 , '86 , '87 , '88 ) helped guide the 76ers to 10 playoff appearances , including a World Championship in 1983 . In 133 career playoff games , he averaged 14 . 4 points , 6 . 9 assists , and 3 . 4 rebounds while shooting 51 . 2 percent from the field . Cheeks is also a five - time NBA All - Defensive Team honoree . The native of Chicago , Ill . , he averaged 11 . 1 points , 6 . 7 assists and 2 . 1 steals in 1 , 101 career games while shooting 52 . 3 percent from the field and 79 . 3 percent from the charity stripe . He retired in 1993 as the league's all - time leader in steals , and was fifth on the career assists list at that time . Currently , he ranks fourth in steals and eighth in assists all - time . Cheeks had his No . 10 76ers jersey retired on Feb . 6 , 1995 . The 1978 product of West Texas State was a four - year starter and three - time team MVP in college . He finished his collegiate career third on the Buffalos' all - time scoring list , averaging 16 . 8 points per game . Cheeks was selected in the second round of the 1978 NBA Draft ( 36th overall pick ) by the 76ers .

5_5ecb.xml
Maurice Cheeks became the fifth NBA head coach to be fired this season , after the Philadelphia 76ers notified the former point guard of his dismissal Saturday morning . Expected to contend for a division title after the addition of Elton Brand , the Sixers ( 9-14 ) are instead last in the Atlantic after losing eight of their last 10 games . An 88-72 road loss to the Cavaliers in Cleveland Friday was apparently the last straw , though the team has not enjoyed a winning season under Cheeks in his previous three years at the helm . They had been on the verge of a resurgence as December started , improving their record to 7-6 before hitting a slump to fall to dead last in the division . Assistant general manager Tony DiLeo was appointed interim coach as the Sixers get ready for a game against Washington Saturday night . Cheeks is 284-286 lifetime , including four years in Portland .

5_5ecbplus.xml
http : sportzassassin2 . blogspot . nl 2005 _ 05 _ 01 _ archive . html Tuesday , May 24 , 2005 Up the coast . . . the Philly Sixers canned Jim O'Brien [ who had been under fire all season ] and quickly hired Mo Cheeks . Mo ran the Sixers in the 1980s as their point guard . He looks to be a perfect coach for Allen Iverson . Really , this move has been in the making for quite some time . The Sixers have bugged Portland about talking to him about their head coaching job over the past 3 years . After the Blazers fired Cheeks . . . it was only a matter of time before Philly and Cheeks hooked up again .

5_6ecb.xml
The Sixers have disappointed this season , just 9-14 despite the inspired 2007-08 run ( which culminated in taking two of six against the Pistons ) and the pick-up of dominant pivot Elton Brand over the summer . If you do n't know by now : you disappoint in the NBA , you get canned . Today , Maurice Cheeks became the fifth coach fired within the first quarter of the season . At this point , the emotional roller coaster of the NBA season seems much more telling to any particular coach 's fortunes than overall performance . Reggie Theus , long in danger , pulled off a huge upset of the Lakers on Tuesday . He 's expected to stay safe barring a basketball apocolypse ( or a bad loss to the Knicks tonight ) . Marc Iavaroni of Memphis got a win at an opportune time this week . Sure , it was over the Thunder ... but whatever . ( Also , his owner is being cheap right now . ) Cheeks had an opportunity to turn things around this week with a home-and-home against the Cavaliers , a team many picked the Sixers to eclipse this season . The Cavs won the set by a combined 24 points and have the league 's second-best record . While fellow fired coaches Eddie Jordan and Sam Mitchell seem assured of another top job as soon as next year , Cheeks surprisingly figures to land closer to the Randy Wittman/P.J. Carlesimo pile . Many felt Cheeks was the victim of a regime change and not his own failure in Portland ; as such , he seemed like a safe pick for the Philly job ( especially considering his history in the town ) . But although there has been change in the Sixers ' front office ( current GM Ed Stefanski did n't hire Cheeks , in other words ) , this sacking is more tied to the team 's failure . You fail 1.5 times in today 's NBA , you might be done for a while. Cheeks is smooth and well-liked , so he could get a gig soon enough . But it seems more likely that he 'd get back on the bench as an assistant or move to a college program

5_6ecbplus.xml
http : sports . espn . go . com ncaa news story ? id=2061565 NCAA : Improper gifts , assistance given to athletes Updated : May 16 , 2005 , 6 : 03 PM ET The NCAA notified Ohio State on Monday of nine alleged rules violations , including cash gifts , improper academic assistance and failure of the school and coaches to monitor the men's basketball program . Seven of the violations involved men's basketball , including a school booster allegedly giving cash and academic help to a former player . The others involved a booster allegedly giving $500 to a football player , and an orthodontist providing free and discounted services to five women's basketball players . Ohio State previously said it was looking into many of the alleged violations , including a cash gift to a recruit from former basketball coach Jim O'Brien , who was fired after acknowledging the payment . "The allegations set forth in this report are consistent with what we expected , " Ohio State president Karen Holbrook said at a news conference . The school must respond to the allegations by July 26 , and an infractions committee will hold a hearing before determining whether sanctions are warranted , NCAA spokesman Erik Christianson said . Ohio State's athletic department has faced a series of NCAA investigations of its high - profile sports since the football team won the national championship in 2002 . In December , the school imposed a one - year postseason tournament ban on its men's basketball team after O'Brien acknowledged he gave about $6 , 000 to recruit Alex Radojevic in 1999 . O'Brien , fired on June 8 , is seeking up to $6 million in a breach - of - contract suit against Ohio State . The NCAA report says O'Brien allegedly gave Radojevic the money through then - assistant coach Paul Biancardi . O'Brien and Biancardi are accused of acting "contrary to principles of ethical conduct" by failing to report their involvement in NCAA rules violations , the report said . "We deny that we engaged in any improper conduct under NCAA bylaws and legislation , " said Biancardi's attorney , James Zeszutek . Biancardi has cooperated fully with NCAA investigators and is barred by the NCAA from publicly discussing the allegations , Zeszutek said . A message seeking comment was left with O'Brien's attorney . Former star running back Maurice Clarett and other former football players have alleged that athletes received money from boosters , got academic credit for work they didn't do and received no - show jobs at high salaries . The only mention of the football program in the NCAA report is an allegation that $500 was given to a football player , whose name was withheld . Last season , quarterback Troy Smith was suspended from the Alamo Bowl for accepting money from a booster . Athletic director Gene Smith , who replaced Andy Geiger a month ago , said the allegations in the NCAA report were less serious than speculation indicated . "What you see before you is what they found in football , " he said , adding he would be surprised if sanctions are imposed against the football team . Clarett was suspended for the 2003 season for lying to investigators during an NCAA probe of allegations that he received improper benefits from a family friend .

5_7ecb.xml
The Eastern Conference standings have claimed another coach , with Philadelphia 76ers head man Maurice Cheeks joining the ever-growing list of coaches who are no longer employed . The 2008-09 season was supposed to be a good one for the Sixers , who claimed the summer 's top free agent prize in Elton Brand and then assured that their big three would be together long-term by re-signing Anre Iguodala . Unfortunately , it has n't played out that way to date . Currently sitting at 9-14 on the season , the only thing stopping Philly from being complete buried in the standings is that so many Eastern Conference teams are struggling , as well . Despite their poor start and their current three-game losing streak - likely to end tonight as the team takes on the Wizards - the Sixers are still just two games in the loss column behind the eighth seed in the East . Cheeks marks the third Eastern Conference head coach to get fired this season , following in the footsteps of the Toronto Raptors ' Sam Mitchell and the Washington Wizards ' Eddie Jordan . Cheeks will be succeeded by Assistant GM Tony DiLeo .

5_7ecbplus.xml
http : nbasource . blogspot . nl 2005 _ 05 _ 01 _ archive . html MONDAY , MAY 23 , 2005 FIRED IN PHILLY ! ! Sixers' Coach Jim O'Brien was fired today and taking over will be former Portland Trailblazers Coach . . .

5_8ecbplus.xml
https : law . marquette . edu national - sports - law - institute volume - 7 - 1 Jim O'Brien was terminated from his position as head men's basketball coach at Ohio State University following the disclosure that he loaned a recruit's mother money . O'Brien sued , claiming he was terminated without cause , and both parties filed motions for summary judgment . The court of claims denied the motions because there was a factual dispute concerning what constituted a material breach under the employment contract .

5_9ecb.xml
Stephen A. Smith has reported that the Philadelphia 76ers have parted ways with coach Maurice Cheeks . The 76ers have a record of 9-14 and had been expected to be a playoff team in the Eastern Conference . With its acquisition of free agent Elton Brand the lineup seemed to be become more solid especially in the middle . But Brand has not found his rhythm in the offense and his numbers have been disappointing . Some have said that instead of being the missing piece , that not unlike the Phoenix Suns , the team has missed its run and gun offense from last season . When Philly landed a playoff spot near the bottom of the East 's pile this past spring and then surprised the Pistons by taking the first two games from them in Detroit before losing the next four straight , there were high hopes for .500 + season and an upgrade in the playoff seedings . With Brand 's arrival the hope turned into what fans thought was a reality . Never before in NBA history have coaches fallen this early in the season in such numbers . Veteran players know all too well that the security their union has fought for has created an imbalance of power on teams that do n't have a proven winner in the coaching seat . When a player is paid tens of millions of dollars by a franchise , he is in the driver 's seat and if it comes down to a contest between that player and a coach who has n't won a title or has n't won a title in a long while , it 's not hard to know who has to go . Do n't cry for Cheeks on the financial front. He has a guaranteed contract through the end of the 2009-2010 season .

5_9ecbplus.xml
http : sports . espn . go . com nba news story ? id=2115562 Agent says Sixers to sign Dalembert to six - year deal July 25 , 2005 , 12 : 18 AM ET Samuel Dalembert agreed to a six year deal with the Philadelphia 76ers on Saturday , his agent Marc Cornstein , told ESPN . com . Cornstein refused to disclose the amount of the contract , but it's believed to be worth between $60 million to $70 million , based on previous negotiations . The signing came just one day before Dalembert was set to get on a plane and visit the Atlanta Hawks , who had the money under the cap to pay him a maximum five - year , $70 million offer . Of the three top big men on the market , Dalembert was the center with the most upside . He has great range and is athletic , with great shot blocking instincts . He's shown he can be a volume rebounder and his offensive game is emerging . He was very inconsistent at times this season , but in the playoffs against the Detroit Pistons , he played the part of a franchise center . The Sixers made a power move this offseason , firing head coach Jim O'Brien , who wasn't a Dalembert fan , and replacing him with Mo Cheeks , who is . Philly let it be known that O'Brien was fired , in part , because the Sixers are committed to Dalembert . This is the third deal for the Sixers this summer . They also reached six - year deals with Kyle Korver for $25 million and with Willie Green for about $20 million .

