6_10ecbplus.xml
http : thepopcornjunkie . com 2012 04 05 gary - ross - in - negotiations - to - direct - hunger - games - sequel - catching - fire Gary Ross in negotiations to direct ‘ Hunger Games ’ sequel ‘ Catching Fire ’ Now that ‘ The Hunger Games ’ is a monster hit Lionsgate are getting ready for the sequel ‘ Catching Fire ’ . The three leads Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , and Liam Hemsworth are already signed on to appear in the sequel and , no doubt , the third film ‘ Mockingjay ’ as well . The biggest player who doesn ’ t have a deal in place is director Gary Ross and The Hollywood Reporter and Collider are reporting that he is in negotiations with Lionsgate to return . Hit the jump for more details and how ‘ Catching Fire ’ could face a huge delay . Allegedly , Ross was paid $3 million to direct ‘ The Hunger Games ’ plus five per cent on the back end . With no deal in place for Ross to direct future films in the series , he is in a good position to ask for more money . There is no doubt that Ross was instrumental in making ‘ The Hunger Games ’ a huge success . It was his direction that many critics applauded and brought the film down to earth , as opposed to the bloated spectacle it could have become in the wrong hands . Lionsgate can ’ t hide that they don ’ t have the money , but they have to spend it wisely to ensure the quality of the franchise continues and Ross could get a good deal out of it . Of course , if Ross wants too much money Lionsgate could easily give him the flick and hire a new director similar to the ‘ Harry Potter ’ and ‘ Twilight ’ films . Considering Lionsgate recently absorbed Summit and their executives ( masters of the ‘ Twilight ’ films ) into team Lionsgate ; a change in director could be likely . Another tough challenge facing Lionsgate with the production of ‘ Catching Fire ’ is the possibility of delays due to the schedule of Lawrence . ‘ Catching Fire ’ has a release date of 22 November 2013 with production starting later in the year . Lawrence is set to star in the sequel to ‘ X - Men : First Class ’ that could go into production soon if Fox decide to exercise Lawrence ’ s option to do the sequel . The ‘ X - Men : First Class ’ sequel already has a director with Matthew Vaughn returning and Fox might rush it into production to capitalise on Lawrence ’ s star power .

6_11ecbplus.xml
http : tribeofgeek . weebly . com 1 post 2012 04 the - hunger - games - sequel - is - in - negotiations . html 'The Hunger Games' sequel is in negotiations . 04 04 2012 According to ''The Hollywood Reporter'' , Director of ''The Hunger Games'' , Gary Ross is currently in the negotiation stages to direct the sequel to ''The Hunger Games'' . In terms of figures , ''The Hunger Games'' has already brought in over $363 million . Apparently , ''Lionsgate'' would like a a November 2013 release date for ''The Hunger Games'' sequel . The main cast ; - Jennifer Lawrence - Liam Hemsworth - and Josh Hutcherson will all be returning for the sequel !

6_1ecb.xml
Chris Weitz is in negotiations to helm `` New Moon , '' the sequel to Summit Entertainment 's vampire breakout `` Twilight . '' Weitz comes on board to helm the second installment in Stephenie Meyer 's four-book series after Summit and `` Twilight '' director Catherine Hardwicke failed to reach a deal on the new movie . The Weitz move prompted a carefully calibrated campaign of reassurance on the part of creators . Meyer penned a letter that sought to calm fans nervous about the midstream switch . `` I 'm sad that Catherine is not continuing on with us for 'New Moon , ' she wrote in a letter on her Web site , but then noted that , with Weitz: `` Torches and pitchforks are n't going to be necessary . '' The director `` is excited by the story and eager to keep the movie as close to the book as possible , '' she wrote . `` He is also aware of you , the fans , and wants to keep you all extremely happy . It 's rare for the director of a successful first picture not to continue on with the sequel . There have been conflicting reports about Hardwicke 's departure , with some noting creative and other differences . Summit has said it was a matter of scheduling . Weitz has not helmed a girl-oriented project before but has been involved in movies that encompass elements featured in `` Twilight , '' producing the teen-aimed coming-of-age tale `` American Pie '' and directing the fantasy adventure `` The Golden Compass . '' Still , the director was taking few chances . `` I promise to remain responsive to your hopes and fears , '' he wrote in his own letter to fans Saturday . `` I thank you for this opportunity and for your faith . '' Weitz said he had been `` in a whirlwind romance '' with the series over the past few days , and , in a particularly careful phrasing , said he is `` very grateful to have received ( Meyer 's ) permission to protect 'New Moon ' in its translation from the page to the screen . '' Both Weitz 's and Meyer 's letters represent rare attempts to communicate with fans on issues often left mostly to the industry , and speak both to the intense insider interest of fans as well as the importance of that group to the franchise 's success . Summit a week ago had faced a public-relations challenge when some fan bulletin boards began to worry about Hardwicke 's departure . Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart will star in `` Moon , '' while Melissa Rosenberg is writing the picture which , like the first , centers on the ordinary teenager Bella and the vampire Edward but adds Jacob , a werewolf character who figured less prominently in the first film . The budget for `` Moon '' is expected to be slightly higher than the first in the franchise , with a release likely for late 2009 or early 2010 .

6_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . cinemablend . com new Hunger - Games - Director - Gary - Ross - Still - Negotiations - Sequel - 30272 . html The Hunger Games Director Gary Ross Still In Negotiations For The Sequel published : 2012 - 04 - 04 11 : 47 : 35 During the promotional period for The Hunger Games everyone involved made sure to note how different the franchise was from Twilight . While it may have seemed like a silly thing to do given Twilight's success , but the truth is that comparisons were making male audiences a bit shaky about the film , as that demographic didn't want to spend two and a half hours watching a tween romance ( and Hunger Games is definitely not that ) . The film obviously wasn't hurt by this strategy , as it went on to shatter records and become the third highest grossing opening weekend title of all time . But while the story of The Hunger Games may have no comparison to Twilight , it turns out that action behind the scenes may duplicate it . While the first movie was a huge success , THR is saying that director Gary Ross is still in negotiations to direct the sequel , Catching Fire . The stars of the film - the ones that survived , anyway - are already contractually obligated to appear in the second movie , but things haven't been going to great on the filmmaker side . The trade says that Ross' negotiations with LionsGate the first time around weren't so hot either , an inside source calling it "a terrible experience , " as the studio doesn't usually pay "seasoned - filmmaker fees" to even seasoned filmmakers like Ross . ? Because of The Hunger Games' big box office numbers , Ross is expecting a raise for his work on the movie ( he was given $3 million upfront and 5% on the backend with his first deal ) but it's unclear if the studio will give it to him . Much like the Twilight franchise , or even Harry Potter , it's entirely possible that LionsGate will choose not to pay Ross and instead go with another filmmaker who is demanding less money . A script has already been written for Catching Fire , from Simon Beaufoy , but Ross has not yet had the chance to revise it . The one big card that Ross has in his back pocket is that The Hunger Games was better received than any of the Twilight films , which could convince the brass to try and keep some consistency . Whether it will play in his favor is still an unknown at this point . So what do you think ? Should Ross be brought back for the next movie or should they go with someone else's vision ? Leave your thoughts , ideas and desires in the comments section below .

6_2ecb.xml
It 's official : Chris Weitz is taking over the director 's chair for the `` Twilight '' sequel `` New Moon . '' `` Twilight `` author Stephenie Meyer confirmed the news on her official website Saturday morning in a post designed to calm the rising anguish among fans who loved the first film adaptation . After bidding a fond farewell to `` Twilight '' director Catherine Hardwicke , Meyer went on to praise Weitz and to let fans know that `` torches and pitchforks are not going to be necessary . '' On the one hand , Weitz has shown his skill at adapting popular modern novels for the screen -- `` About a Boy , '' from the Nick Hornby novel , won Weitz and co-scripters Paul Weitz and Peter Hedges an Oscar nomination for best adapted screenplay . On the other hand , Weitz also directed last year 's `` The Golden Compass , '' which was an expensive mess that failed to capture the fan base of the book .

6_2ecbplus.xml
http : collider . com hunger - games - catching - fire - gary - ross - release - date Director Gary Ross Still in Negotiations for HUNGER GAMES Sequel , CATCHING FIRE ; Release Date May Be in Jeopardy Posted 1 year , 160 days ago [ downloaded on 2 October 2013 ] As I said many times in my review , Gary Ross ‘ direction was the strongest element of The Hunger Games . But for Lionsgate , the movie ’ s ability to make a crazy amount of money was the strongest element of The Hunger Games . Now , THR is reporting that Ross and the studio are locked in tense negotiations over his return to direct the sequel , Catching Fire . Lead actors Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , and Liam Hemsworth are already signed for Catching Fire ( and I imaging they ’ re also signed for the third installment , Mockingjay ) , but Ross doesn ’ t have a deal in place . He was paid $3 million for co - writing and directing the film plus 5 percent on the back - end . Unsurprisingly , he would like a raise on the sequel . Hit the jump for more including why Catching Fire might not make its November 22 , 2013 release date . According to THR , negotiations on the first film were tough because Ross already had a successful , Oscar - nominated movie to his name ( Seabiscuit ) , but Lionsgate had never paid a hefty filmmaker salary before ( Hunger Games was the highest - budgeted project in the studio ’ s history ) . Now that Hunger Games will undoubtedly be one of the highest - grossing films of the year , Ross has some leverage , but current franchise trends aren ’ t moving in his favor . Other major franchises have shown no hesitation in constantly switching out directors . After all , it ’ s the title that draws people into the theaters , not the filmmaker . Harry Potter went through four directors as did Twilight , and Marvel has basically made it a policy never to rehire any of their directors . The studio ’ s highest priority is making sure to keep the franchise flowing without delay , and prolonged negotiations with Ross may cause a delay . There ’ s also the added problem of Ross taking time to revise Simon Beaufoy ‘ s script for Catching Fire . Lionsgate is also facing an issue with the sequel ’ s scheduled November 22 , 2013 release date . Fox could stymie Lionsgate ’ s plans by exercising Lawrence ’ s option to do the sequel for X - Men : First Class . Sources tell THR that Fox ’ s option would take priority over Lionsgate ’ s . Lionsgate is aiming to get Catching Fire into production by the fall , but Fox already has their director ready to go ( Matthew Vaughn is signed to return for First Class 2 ) . However , First Class 2 doesn ’ t have a release date . Ross ’ does have a few counters against Lionsgate . First , he ’ s a known quantity and has established a relationship with the cast and crew . He also delivered a critically well - received movie . Granted , The Hunger Games would have crushed at the box office no matter what , but the positive response indicates that he ’ s now in higher demand for other properties . It ’ s an impressive boost for a director who hadn ’ t helmed a project since Seabiscuit in 2003 . Despite the acrimony , a source tells THR that the two sides will eventually make a deal : Ultimately , it will be difficult , and yet everybody will do the sane thing , which is to work it out , ” says one . “ Everybody will end up unhappy in their own way . It ’ s just the nature of the beast . ” The alternative is to throw 24 directors into an arena and have them fight to the death . And if you ’ re having trouble imagining other directors taking over the franchise , take a look at these fake posters for The Hunger Games .

6_3ecb.xml
Summit Entertainment announced today that filmmaker Chris Weitz has been hired to direct the second film in the studio 's TWILIGHT film franchise . The film , NEW MOON , is based on the second book in author Stephenie Meyer 's blockbuster book series . The announcement was made by Erik Feig , Summit 's President of Production . Weitz , an Academy Award ( R ) -nominated writer , director and producer , has a proven track record working with a broad range of material dealing with youth- oriented characters , fantasy and action . As such , he has the potential to bring alive in NEW MOON the dimensions and depth that fans will demand in the next installment . Feig stated , `` We love Stephenie Meyer 's fantastic TWILIGHT series . Thinking long and hard about how to turn NEW MOON into the amazing movie we know it will be , and working with Stephenie Meyer to find the right candidate , we are thrilled to announce Chris Weitz as director of the film . Chris very much understands the world of NEW MOON and has the skill set required to bring the book to glorious life as a movie . We think he will be an excellent steward of Stephenie Meyer 's vision . '' `` I am honored to have been entrusted with shepherding NEW MOON from the page to the screen , '' said Weitz . `` The extraordinary world that Stephenie has created has millions of fans , and it will be my duty to protect on their behalf the characters , themes and story they love . This is not a task to be taken lightly , and I will put every effort into realizing a beautiful film to stand alongside a beautiful book . '' Weitz previously penned ABOUT A BOY , which led to an Academy Award Nomination for Best Adapted Screenplay in 2002 , and adapted and directed THE GOLDEN COMPASS ( 2007 ) , which was nominated for two Academy Awards and won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects . Additionally , Weitz co-wrote the 1998 animated film ANTZ and went on to produce the major box office success AMERICAN PIE and executive produced the film 's two theatrical sequels . Weitz also produced IN GOOD COMPANY starring Dennis Quaid and Topher Grace and executive produced AMERICAN DREAMZ starring Hugh Grant , Dennis Quaid and Mandy Moore . In NEW MOON , Bella Swan ( Kristen Stewart ) is devastated by the abrupt departure of her vampire love , Edward Cullen ( Robert Pattinson ) but her spirit is rekindled by her growing friendship with the irresistible Jacob Black . Suddenly she finds herself drawn into the world of the werewolves , ancestral enemies of the vampires , and finds her loyalties tested . Production on NEW MOON is scheduled to begin in the coming months and the studio is planning to release the film towards the end of 2009 or early 2010 . Feig will oversee NEW MOON for the studio along with Summit Entertainment 's Director of Production Gillian Bohrer . Weitz is represented by WMA and by Alex Kohner of Morris , Yorn , Barnes and Levine . About the TWILIGHT film series The TWILIGHT film series stars Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart and tells the story of 17-year-old Bella Swan who moves to the small town of Forks , Washington to live with her father , and becomes drawn to Edward Cullen , a pale , mysterious classmate who seems determined to push her away . But neither can deny the attraction that pulls them together ... even when Edward confides that he and his family are vampires . The action-packed , modern day vampire love story and blockbuster success the first film in the series entitled TWILIGHT was released in theatres on November 21st grossing $ 69.6 million domestically during its first weekend . To date the film has grossed over $ 142 million domestically . About Summit Entertainment LLC Summit Entertainment is a worldwide theatrical motion picture development , financing , production and distribution studio . The studio handles all aspects of marketing and distribution for both its own internally developed motion pictures as well as acquired pictures . Summit Entertainment , LLC also represents international sales for both its own slate and third party product . Summit Entertainment , LLC plans to release 10 to 12 films annually . SOURCE Summit Entertainment

6_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article gary - ross - negotiations - to - direct - the - hunger - games - sequel - catching - fire Gary Ross in negotiations to direct 'The Hunger Games' sequel 'Catching Fire' April 4 , 2012 Despite currently being the director behind the #1 movie in the world , the future of Gary Ross's involvement with The Hunger Games franchise remains uncertain . The Hollywood Reporter says Ross is in negotiations with Lionsgate to return as director for the sequel , Catching Fire - - and the deal likely hinges on money . THR says Ross , a seasoned director , accepted a relatively low $3 million salary for directing ( and co - writing ) The Hunger Games , but is asking for a significant raise for Catching Fire . Despite THR's article , which paints negotiations as tense , Ross has spoken very confidently about his involvement in Catching Fire - - even mentioning casting ideas and filming plans - - and it seems likely he will officially be signed on as director . Meanwhile , the film's main stars , including Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , and Liam Hemsworth , are all signed on for the rest of the movies in the series . Several additional new characters will need to be cast before Catching Fire can begin filming later this year , however .

6_4ecb.xml
Chris Weitz , who directed `` The Golden Compass , '' is negotiating to direct the cinematic sequel to `` Twilight , '' industry sources say . While Summit Entertainment will not confirm Weitz is attached to the vampire series , The Hollywood Reporter said Friday he is the current candidate to direct `` New Moon . '' `` Moon , '' like `` Twilight , '' is based on the four-book series written by Stephenie Meyer . The movies follow a romance between a vampire and a mortal woman . `` Moon '' will be adapted for the big screen by Melissa Rosenberg with Robert Pattinson and Kristen Bell in the lead roles . `` Twilight '' director Catherine Hardwicke was unable to reach a deal to direct the sequel and her departure has been the topic of various rumors . The Reporter said `` Moon , '' which is expected to have a larger budget than its cinematic predecessor , has been tentatively tabbed with a late 2009 or early 2010 release date .

6_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . examiner . com article gary - ross - back - talks - to - direct - the - hunger - games - sequel - catching - fire Gary Ross back in talks to direct 'The Hunger Games' sequel 'Catching Fire' April 9 , 2012 Despite reports last week that said Gary Ross would definitely not be returning to direct The Hunger Games sequel , Catching Fire , it seems he will be back at the negotiating table with Lionsgate this week . The Hollywood Reporter says Ross is set to meet with Lionsgate officials on Monday to resume negotiations . According to THR , two major sticking points are salary ( Ross apparently wants a raise ) and schedule , with The Hunger Games set to begin filming in August . That's in part to accomodate Jennifer Lawrence's January start date for filming the X - Men : First Class sequel , a project that legally and contractually holds priority for the actress over Catching Fire . Lionsgate is also under pressure to meet a previously announced November 2013 release date for Catching Fire . The majority of fans were outspoken last week in their disappointment that Ross would not return for Catching Fire . Some launched the "Gary Ross Is Boss" campaign to show support , a petition has been circulating Twitter , and it will be the top discussion subject on Monday night's episode of the HG Fireside Chat podcast . What do you think about Ross returning ( or possibly not ) for Catching Fire ? Sound off in the comments below !

6_5ecb.xml
There 's a new dawn for Twilight . Days after Catherine Hardwicke was ousted , despite having directed the vampire romance satisfactorily enough to pull in $ 140 million worth of business from fanggirls and average moviegoers alike , The Golden Compass director Chris Weitz is close to signing on for the blockbuster 's sequel . Following up on some recent Deadline Hollywood scoop , EW.com reports that Weitz has been tapped by Summit Entertainment to helm New Moon , based on the second book in Stephenie Meyer 's phenomenon-inducing franchise . `` He 's the quality-of-life-choice , '' a source said , perhaps referring to buzz that Hardwicke , while ultratalented , is rough to work with , while Weitz , who also codirected American Pie and scored an Oscar nod for copenning About a Boy , is known to be a pretty genial chap . Summit says that no deal has been signed yet , but the official announcement could be coming as soon as this weekend . The studio wants New Moon in theaters and Edward-loving butts in the seats in 2010 , but has said it will not rush production before the script ( the initial draft of which Hardwicke supposedly had problems with ) is the best it can be . `` This is not a rush job , '' Summit CEO Rob Friedman told the Los Angeles Times ' Big Picture blog . `` The movie only gets released when it 's finished. I 'd like it to be next year , but we 're not going to put out a bad movie to hit a release date . ''

6_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . hollywoodreporter . com news hunger - games - gary - ross - catching - fire - twilight - 307622 'Hunger Games' Director Gary Ross in Tough Negotiation for Sequel 8 : 00 AM PDT 4 4 2012 Despite the movie's box - office records , the director isn't locked up as Lionsgate could pull a "Twilight" - style switcheroo over money . Now that The Hunger Games is a hit with more than $363 million in the till , the question is whether writer - director Gary Ross will return for the next installment in the lucrative Lionsgate franchise . Unlike stars Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson and Liam Hemsworth , Ross is not signed for a sequel . And negotiations for him to do the first movie were "a terrible experience , " says a source with knowledge of the discussions , because Ross is a seasoned filmmaker ( Pleasantville , Seabiscuit ) and Lionsgate isn't accustomed to paying seasoned - filmmaker fees . He ended up taking a relatively low $3 million to write ( with Billy Ray and novelist Suzanne Collins ) and direct . But he will collect a very remunerative 5 percent of backend . Sources say Ross , 55 , would like a significant raise for a second Hunger Games , but Lionsgate didn't kick off negotiations with him until about three weeks before the first film's March 23 opening . By then , with tracking suggesting a huge opening weekend , Ross and his CAA reps were in no hurry to bargain . Lionsgate has a script from Simon Beaufoy ( Slumdog Millionaire ) that Ross has yet to revise . The studio is in a rush to start the next film in the fall , though Fox might upset Lionsgate's plan by exercising its option on Lawrence to start another X - Men movie first . ( Fox's option would trump Lionsgate's hold on Lawrence , say sources . ) Adding urgency : Lionsgate already has booked a November 2013 release for Hunger Games : Catching Fire . With other big literary properties , directors have been seen as fungible . Warner Bros . entrusted the first two Harry Potter films to Chris Columbus before employing a host of other filmmakers , and Summit memorably did not invite Catherine Hardwicke back to direct the second Twilight , despite the success of the first installment . ( And Summit's Rob Friedman and Patrick Wachsberger now run Lionsgate's film division . ) But Ross will argue that his film was much better received than any in the Twilight series , with an A CinemaScore and an 85 percent "fresh" rating on Rotten Tomatoes in addition to huge worldwide box office . He'll contend that the movie will play longer and stronger in theaters and that he could direct his pick of other movies should Lionsgate refuse to pony up . ( But to state the obvious , Hunger Games' bi - gender story line appeals to a wider audience than Twilight . ) It's always striking when a giant hit leads to anger and hurt feelings in Hollywood , but that seems to be the case here . Nonetheless , sources involved with the franchise are betting that Ross will return . "Ultimately , it will be difficult , and yet everybody will do the sane thing , which is to work it out , " says one . "Everybody will end up unhappy in their own way . It's just the nature of the beast . "

6_6ecb.xml
Rumored to be the front runner earlier in the week , Entertainment Weekly has now confirmed that Chris Weitz will direct the sequel to Twilight , New Moon , replacing Catherine Hardwicke . Hardwicke reportedly clashed with Summit Entertainment during Twilight 's production and EW says Weitz landed the New Moon gig because he has a solid relationship with the studio , he 's considered easy to work with and has experience with special effects . In New Moon , the second novel in Stephenie Meyer 's young-adult series , Bella ( Kristen Stewart ) recovers from the vampire attack that almost claimed her life . She looks to celebrate her birthday with Edward ( Robert Pattinson ) and his family , however , a minor accident during the festivities results in Bella 's blood being shed , a sight that proves too intense for the Cullens . They decide to leave the town of Forks , Washington for Bella and Edward 's sake. Melissa Rosenberg is writing the screenplay . Weitz co-directed American Pie , Down to Earth and About a Boy with his brother Paul . Last year he helmed The Golden Compass , based on the Philip Pullman novel , which did n't impress North American audiences but was a hit overseas . New Moon is tentatively scheduled to open November 20 , 2009 .

6_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2012 04 09 gary - ross - catching - fire - negotiations _ n _ 1411902 . html Gary Ross 'Catching Fire' Negotiations Reportedly Continue Posted : 04 9 2012 8 : 33 am Updated : 04 9 2012 8 : 33 am Gary Ross has not departed "The Hunger Games . " According to THR , Ross will resume negotiating with Lionsgate about returning for the "Games" sequel "Catching Fire" at some point on Monday . It has been quite a three days for Ross . On Friday , Indiewire's blog The Playlist exclusively reported that the director had stepped away from negotiations with Lionsgate , not because of any monetary strife , but because Ross wanted to do something different for his next film . That was countered by Deadline . com's Nikki Finke and Mike Fleming , who wrote on Saturday that Ross hadn't stepped away , and that Lionsgate wanted him to return but for a reasonable price . Ross was reportedly paid $3 million to write and direct "The Hunger Games . " He'll also earn five percent of the backend grosses , a significant number since "Games" has already accumulated $459 million around the globe . Per THR , the negotiations between the two parties are "delicate , " but a deal could get done soon . After all , "Catching Fire" begins shooting in August with a script from Oscar winner Simon Beaufoy ( "Slumdog Millionaire" ) .

6_7ecb.xml
Well `` New Moon '' has a new director . And it 's a man . Chris Weitz will take on the sequel to `` Twilight '' . Chris Weitz the director of `` The Golden Compass '' and best known for his work with his brother Paul on `` American Pie '' is stepping up to do `` New Moon '' . Weitz has a good relationship with Summit Studios and is easy to work with . He also has experience with special effects . Of course though it 's not official yet. December 14th the announcement will be made for the hiring decision . Just in time to start the pre-production details for this highly anticipated sequel . `` Twilight '' has grossed more than 141 million already .

6_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . iamrogue . com news movie - news item 6206 - gary - ross - in - difficult - negotiations - to - direct - the - hunger - games - sequel . html GARY ROSS REMAINS IN NEGOTIATIONS TO DIRECT 'THE HUNGER GAMES' SEQUEL Wednesday , 04 April 2012 10 : 30 After opening to the third - biggest domestic debut weekend of all time , legitimate pop culture phenomenon The Hunger Games has grossed $368 . 0 million globally . It's done so in under two weeks of theatrical release . So with by far the biggest hit in its history , Lionsgate is naturally keen to continue the series with Catching Fire , the already announced adaptation of Suzanne Collins's novel . But apparently it's not a guarantee that Gary Ross , who co - wrote and directed The Hunger Games , will be back for another round . Lionsgate has long been open about its intent to turn Collins's bestselling young adult novels into a franchise , one that would spin four movies out of the literary trilogy . Last year , the studio staked out a November 22 , 2013 release date for Catching Fire and pursued Oscar winning Slumdog Millionaire screenwriter Simon Beaufoy to pen the script . In January , word emerged that Beaufoy was indeed at work on Catching Fire , and at the time , word was that he was doing so under Ross's supervision , with the director set to return . Since then , it's been generally accepted that Ross would take another trip to Panem , particularly once The Hunger Games received an overwhelmingly positive critical response and , you know , made dump trucks of money . Ross has by no means been set to direct , however . According to The Hollywood Reporter , he has yet to formally sign on , and negotiations might just be proceeding with some difficulty , if the process on The Hunger Games is any indicator . The reports cites an anonymous source familiar with Ross's negotiations last time , who cites it as , "a terrible experience . " Lionsgate , unaccustomed to dealing with directors as established as the four time Oscar nominee and Pleasantville and Seabiscuit director , reportedly played some hardball with Ross , who ended up being paid $3 million . That relatively low figure was no doubt helped by the 5% of the film's backend profits . Having delivered a critically acclaimed , zeitgeist - tapping event movie , Ross is doubtless expecting a bigger figure for Catching Fire , but will Lionsgate pay it ? Probably . But maybe not . Lionsgate recently bought Summit Entertainment , the distributor behind the Twilight franchise , meaning that the Lionsgate film division is now under the auspices of Summit's Patrick Wachsberger and Rob Friedman . The revolving door of directors on the Twilight series has some fans worried that a similar policy might be carried out with The Hunger Games sequels . Negotiations with Ross didn't actually begin until roughly three weeks before the first film's release , at which point it was obvious that the film would be successful , giving no small amount of leverage to the director , who co - wrote the screenplay with Collins and Billy Ray . While Ross wasn't signed on to multiple films , stars Jennifer Lawrence , Josh Hutcherson , and Liam Hemsworth are all on board for the duration of the series . But that's not say there's no potential issues there either . The unanimously - praised Lawrence is also contractually obligated to reprise her role as Mystique in a sequel to last year's X - Men : First Class . Her commitment there apparently supersedes her Hunger Games contract , meaning that if Fox goes ahead with another X - Men at an inconvenient moment , it could complicate the Catching Fire schedule . Of course , all of this could be conjecture or , at the very least , over - analysis . Let's not get hysterical just yet , folks .

6_8ecb.xml
The last five days have been a wild rollercoaster ride for `` Twilight '' fans , as the film 's director was told her services would no longer be required for the sequels , fueling speculation over her replacement , followed by a rumor about a supposed successor . Now , it seems , a battle is going on between a studio saying there 's no news to report and an entertainment magazine claiming Chris Weitz is getting behind the `` Twilight '' steering wheel . `` There will be a new director atop the 'Twilight ' franchise : and he 'll be a man , '' Entertainment Weekly 's `` Hollywood Insider '' is reporting . `` Sources tell EW.com that Summit Entertainment is about to hire Chris Weitz ( 'The Golden Compass ' ) as the shepherd for 'New Moon , ' the second installment of Stephenie Meyer 's best-selling 'Twilight ' series . '' Although Weitz was indeed offered the high-profile gig , the `` American Pie '' filmmaker has spent much of the week contemplating his participation . According to `` Twilight '' studio Summit Entertainment , the deal remains unconsummated . `` No , it is not official , '' a studio representative told MTV News on Thursday evening ( December 11 ) . `` We are not confirming anything at this point . He is not signed on as the director . '' `` We are not confirming , '' echoed a second representative . Whether EW is hearing incorrectly from their sources or the studio is just biding time until it can make a proper announcement , this much seems certain : Catherine Hardwicke is moving on to future projects that will not involve teenage vampires , and a man is likely to take her place . Twilighters have spent much of the week arguing with each other - and attempting to form protests and letter-writing campaigns - while debating whether they should speak out against the changes to their beloved franchise . Whether they 'll warm to Weitz is anyone 's guess , but at least the filmmaker can always take solace in the fact that the fanbase similarly rebelled against Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson when they originally signed up for the film that would make them superstars .

6_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . rollingstone . com movies news gary - ross - will - not - direct - hunger - games - sequel - 20120411 Gary Ross Will Not Direct 'Hunger Games' Sequel Filmmaker says he cannot commit to production schedule for 'Catching Fire' Hunger Games director Gary Ross will not helm the adaptation of Catching Fire , the second book in Suzanne Collins' trilogy , the Los Angeles Times reports . According to the newspaper's sources , Ross was in negotiations to direct the sequel , but was not able to come to an agreement over scheduling and compensation . "Despite recent speculation in the media , and after difficult but sincere consideration , I have decided not to direct Catching Fire , " Ross said in a statement . "As a writer and a director , I simply don't have the time I need to write and prep the movie I would have wanted to make because of the fixed and tight production schedule . " The director denied reports that his talks with the studio , Lionsgate , hit a snag . "Contrary to what has been reported , negotiations with Lionsgate have not been problematic . They have also been very understanding of me through this difficult decision . " The second film in the Hunger Games trilogy is scheduled to hit theaters in November of 2013 , allowing the studio and creators a limited window to prepare before production would need to begin .

6_9ecb.xml
The Golden Compass director Chris Weitz is expected to direct New Moon , the sequel to the hugely successful film Twilight . According to EW , `` Weitz is best-known for his work with his brother Paul . The two directed and produced American Pie and then were nominated for an Academy Award for best screenplay for About a Boy , which they also co-directed . Chris ' first solo directing gig , The Golden Compass , did n't do well stateside but was a hit internationally . '' It was announced earlier this week that Twilight director Catherine Hardwicke and the movie studio Summit Entertainment were parting ways .

6_9ecbplus.xml
http : www . starpulse . com news index . php 2012 04 07 gary _ ross _ wont _ direct _ hunger _ games _ seq Gary Ross Won't Direct 'Hunger Games' Sequel April 7th , 2012 12 : 30pm EDT Moviemaker Gary Ross has reportedly pulled out of negotiations to direct a sequel to "The Hunger Games . " Ross , who has wowed film fans and critics alike with his adaptation of the first book in author Suzanne Collins' trilogy , has officially decided not to return , according to The Playlist . Speculation about his successor for Catching Fire has begun with "The Hunger Games'" second - unit director Steven Soderbergh the early front - runner to take over the role .

