7_10ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko defended his IBF heavyweight crown by stopping Hasim Rahman in the seventh round at SAP Arena on Saturday . Klitschko , who has not lost in more than four years , hit the shorter Rahman at will throughout , and after landing a left-right-left combination against the cornered American , the referee stepped in to end the contest. Rahman did n't appear upset . Klitschko had knocked down Rahman in the previous round with successive left hooks . The technical knockout in Klitchsko 's sixth defense of the IBF belt - and third this year - improved the Ukrainian-born fighter to 52-3 with 46 KOs . Rahman , the two-time heavyweight champion who stepped in as a replacement opponent last month , struggled to get inside the taller Klitschko 's reach , and dropped to 45-7-2 . The fighters started out fast and light on their feet , but it soon became apparent that Rahman was struggling to overcome the 3 1/2-inch height advantage enjoyed by the champion . Rahman had to lean in drastically , and Klitschko easily fended off his punches . Rahman did little more than lean on the ropes for a time and guard his face as Klitschko sought his opening . Rahman looked reinvigorated in the fourth round , using his whole torso to make ambitious attacks , often connecting with Klitschko 's body . But he rarely landed blows above Klitschko 's shoulders , and the consequences were clear when Klitschko dropped Rahman early in the sixth with two hard lefts to the side of his head . Rahman got up but spent the remainder of the round in the corner , taking a sustained beating . Another flurry at the opening of the seventh ended Rahman 's challenge . Klitschko also retained the minor WBO and IBO belts . Klitschko was originally scheduled to face Alexander Povetkin ( 16-0 ) , but the Russian pulled out with an ankle injury . Rahman , who won the WBC and IBF belts from Lennox Lewis in 2001 and the vacant WBC belt in 2005 , arrived in Germany on Monday and declared he was in top shape . On the undercard , former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe made a modest comeback with an eighth-round decision over Germany 's Gene Pukall . It was just the third fight in a decade for the 41-year-old American and his first in three years . Bowe ( 45-1 , 33 KOs ) had been training in Germany since September in an effort to get his stamina up and his weight down . The work paid off in the ring , where he kept up with the 33-year-old Pukall ( 14-13-2 , 12KOs ) and bested him with a stream of careful head shots .

7_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . vancouverdesi . com sports wladimir - klitschko - stops - tony - thompson - in - 6th - round - to - retain - world - heavyweight - titles 208622 Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6th round to retain world heavyweight titles Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to retain his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts Saturday night . The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko , 58 - 3 with 51 knockouts , floored Thompson with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight . In 2008 , Klitschko stopped Thompson in the 11th round . Thompson , who was the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , dropped to 36 - 3 .

7_11ecb.xml
Mannheim , Germany ( Sports Network ) - Wladimir Klitschko retained three heavyweight title belts by scoring a dominant seventh-round technical knockout of Hasim Rahman Saturday night . The 32-year-old Klitschko ( 52-3 , 46 KOs ) won his 10th consecutive bout by flooring Rahman ( 45-7-2 ) once before referee Tony Weeks stopped the fight 44 seconds into the seventh round . In a fight that was one-sided from the start , Klitschko retained his IBF , WBO and IBO versions of the heavyweight crown . Klitschko , who was coming off an 11th-round knockout of Tony Thompson in July , landed 178 punches to just 30 for Rahman . Klitschko used his jab to his advantage , scoring consistently , and by the sixth round the 36-year-old Rahman , a former heavyweight champion , looked tired and clearly beaten . In the sixth Klitschko landed a pair of left hooks to floor an off-balanced Rahman , who spent most of his time during the round on the ropes . In fact , Klitschko landed 28 of his 68 punches thrown during the round , while Rahman connected on just 1-of-16 over those three minutes . With Rahman getting pounded in the corner early in the seventh , Weeks called a halt to the fight . Klitschko 's Ukrainian brother , Vitali , is the current WBC heavyweight champion , but the siblings have ruled out fighting each other . Wladimir Klitschko has held at least one major heavyweight belt since beating Chris Byrd for the IBF version in April 2006 . On the undercard , former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe ( 43-1 ) scored an eighth-round unanimous decision over Gene Pukall ( 14-13-2 ) . The 41-year-old Bowe was fighting for the first time since 2005 and stepped into the ring for a professional bout for only the third time since 1996 . Bowe is most remembered for his three fights with Evander Holyfield and two tough bouts with Andrew Golota .

7_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . pba - online . net boxing Wladimir - Klitschko - stops - Tony - Thompson - in - 6th - round - to - retain - world - heavyweight - belts 11614 Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6th round to retain world heavyweight belts July 08 , 2012 Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight titles Saturday night . The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko , 58 - 3 with 51 knockouts , floored Thompson with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight at 2 : 56 . "Thompson was not so easy to box . I'm satisfied , " Klitschko said . In 2008 , Klitschko stopped Thompson in the 11th round .

7_1ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko ( 52-3 , 46 KOs ) blasted a sluggish Hasim Rahman ( 45-7-2 , 36 KOs ) in Mannheim , Germany on Saturday night to retain the IBF , WBO and IBO world heavyweight titles . After flooring Rahman in the sixth round with a left-right combo Klitschko wasted little time wrapping it up in the seventh with a big left-right-left series that led to the referee stepping in and stopping the fight at the 2:15 mark . Rahman , a former heavyweight champion who shocked the world when he floored Lennox Lewis in 2001 for the title , showed absolutely no signs of life against Kiltschko on Saturday . The final numbers showed Klitschko landing 178 of 369 punches thrown while Rahman connected on just 30 of 207 punches thrown .

7_1ecbplus.xml
http : espn . go . com boxing story _ id 8139047 wladimir - klitschko - stops - tony - thompson - 6th - round - retain - world - heavyweight - belts Wladimir Klitschko retains belts Updated : July 7 , 2012 , 10 : 04 PM ET Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight titles Saturday night . The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko , 58 - 3 with 51 knockouts , floored Thompson with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight at 2 : 56 . "Thompson was not so easy to box . I'm satisfied , " Klitschko said . In 2008 , Klitschko stopped Thompson in the 11th round . Thompson , the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , fell to 36 - 3 ( 24 KOs ) . After the fight , Klitschko led the crowd of 22 , 000 in signing "Happy Birthday" to trainer Emanuel Steward , who turned 68 on Saturday . "Tony Thompson is very hard to hit , " Steward said . "Tony was watching Wladimir's right hand all night . " A cagey opening round was followed by a scrappy second , as Klitschko twice wrestled Thompson to the floor . Thompson briefly stepped up his cautious tactics when landing a left to Klitschko's face in the third . Klitschko finally landed a long , straight right in the fifth , and the round ended with Thompson struggling on the ropes . The champion cornered Thompson toward the end of the sixth , and landed punches to the head though no single blow appeared to cause serious damage . "I got caught but I'm OK , " Thompson said in the ring . "He's strong and he's world heavyweight champion for a reason . " Klitschko extended the domination of the heavyweight ranks he shares with his older brother , Vitali . Vitali was in his brother's corner as usual , and acted as cheerleader in the third round , urging on fans in the soccer stadium when the first chants of "Klitschko ! Klistchko ! stirred . The elder Klitschko will defend his WBC title against Manuel Charr of Germany in Moscow on Sept . 8 .

7_2ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko defended his IBF heavyweight crown with ease after stopping American Hasim Rahman after 44 seconds of the seventh round of their contest at the SAP Arena in Germany .

7_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . dailymail . co . uk sport boxing article - 2170324 Wladimir - Klitschko - retains - titles - stopping - Tony - Thompson - rounds . html Wladimir Klitschko retains titles stopping Thompson in six rounds PUBLISHED : 22 : 07 GMT , 7 July 2012 UPDATED : 22 : 07 GMT , 7 July 2012 Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to retain his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday . Klitschko put Thompson on the canvas with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight . Klitschko finished the fight five rounds sooner than when knocking out Thompson in the 11th of their first title fight in 2008 . The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko improved to 58 - 3 ( 51 KO ) . Thompson , who was the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , fell to 36 - 3 ( 24 KO ) .

7_3ecb.xml
Heavyweight Champion , Wladimir Klitschko , 53-3 , 47 KO 's , easily dismantled former 2-Time Heavyweight Champion , Hasim Rahman , 45-7-2 , 36 KO 's , in the seventh round . Rahman never gave himself a chance , standing on the outside and not ever getting any aggression going . Two things were very apparent in this fight . One , Rahman has nothing left , and two , Wlad is as good as he 's ever been . Throw out the fact that `` The Rock '' is n't what he once was . Nobody has ever dominated him this way , and really neutralized him from the start of the fight . Klitschko used his great jab and distance fighting to stay out of harm 's way and it 's hard to think of any heavyweight outside of David Haye giving him any run for his money . Chris Arreola has been named and hyped incredibly but would probably give an effort before being stopped in a round or two . Alexander Povetkin might want to rethink his title shot because there does n't seem to be a way for him to overcome all of the advantages that the champion has . The weak heavyweight division does n't seem to have much to offer the champion . The two interesting fights that are out there for Wlad are a showdown with WBA Champion , Nikolay Valuev or a bout with David Haye . Former Heavyweight Champion , Riddick Bowe , 43-1 , 33 KO 's , returned to the ring with an eight round decision win over Gene Pukall , 14-13-2 , 12 KO 's . In 2005 , Bowe barely escaped with a decision over Billy Zumbrun and all the signs were there that he should never step into the ring again . When he beat and reportedly stabbed his wife , Bowe cited brain injury from boxing blows as the reason for his bad behavior , but now that brain damage has disappeared apparently and he is back in the ring and on the road to real injury should he face somebody that can fight a tad . The only defeat on Bowe 's record was a loss to Evander Holyfield in 1993 , but it can be argued that he was well on his way to losing both fights with Andrew Golota in 1996 before the `` Foul Pole '' got himself disqualified with frequent and impressive low blows . It was the only time that I have ever seen a three punch combo downstairs and was probably the first for Bowe . It can even be argued that Bowe lost to Zumbrun . The fact is that he should n't be in the ring at all but this is boxing and I 'm sure that the former champion needs the money and that is why he is risking his life .

7_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . cbc . ca sports wladimir - klitschko - stops - tony - thompson - to - retain - world - heavyweight - titles - 1 . 1263752 Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson to retain world heavyweight titles Posted : Jul 07 , 2012 7 : 40 PM ET Last Updated : Jul 07 , 2012 8 : 44 PM ET Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday in Bern , Switzerland . Klitschko put Thompson on the canvas with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American southpaw never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight at 2 : 56 . "Thompson was not so easy to box . I'm satisfied , " said the 36 - year - old Klitschko , who improved his record to 58 - 3 ( 51 KO ) . Klitschko finished the fight five rounds sooner than when knocking out Thompson in the 11th of their first title fight in 2008 . Thompson , who was the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , fell to 36 - 3 ( 24 KO ) . After the fight , Klitschko led the 22 , 000 crowd in signing "Happy Birthday" to his trainer Emanuel Steward , whose was 68 on Saturday . "Tony Thompson is very hard to hit , " Steward said . "Tony was watching Wladimir's right hand all night . " A cagey opening round was followed by a scrappy second , as Klitschko twice wrestled Thompson to the floor . Thompson briefly stepped up his cautious tactics when landing a left to Klitschko's face in the third . Klitschko finally landed a long , straight right in the fifth and the round ended with Thompson struggling on the ropes . The champion cornered Thompson toward the end of the sixth , and landed punches to the head though no single blow appeared to cause serious damage . "I got caught but I'm OK , " Thompson said in the ring . "He's strong and he's world heavyweight champion for a reason . " Klitschko extended the domination of the heavyweight ranks he shares with his elder brother Vitali . Vitali was in his brother's corner as usual , and acted as cheerleader in the third round , urging on fans in the football stadium when the first chants of "Klitschko , Klistchko" stirred . The elder Klitschko will defend his WBC title against Manuel Charr of Germany in Moscow on Sept . 8 .

7_4ecbplus.xml
http : timesofindia . indiatimes . com speednewsshow 14743366 . cms Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to keep a comfortable hold on his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts on Saturday . Klitschko put Thompson on the canvas with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American southpaw never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight at 2 : 56 .

7_5ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko retained his IBF , IBO and WBO heavyweight titles with a one-sided seventh-round stoppage of Hasim Rahman in Mannheim , Germany . Klitschko dominated from the outset against the former two-time champion , who chewed leather from the start and barely landed a blow on the Ukrainian . Rahman , who took the fight at late notice after mandatory challenger Alexander Povetkin pulled out through injury , looked a shadow of the fighter that floored Lennox Lewis to win the title in 2001 . The American looked clueless as Klitschko continually pounded his face with a sharp left jab that had Rahman back on his heels as early as the first session . By the third round it was clear that Rahman had nothing to offer and he could not even offload the big right hand that won him so many fights in the past . Klitschko had him on the canvas early in the sixth round with a double left hook and , as earlier in the fight , Rahman merely retreated to the ropes to take more snappy shots , rarely throwing anything meaningful in return . And it came to a merciful end in the seventh , referee Tony Weeks saving 'The Rock ' from further punishment just moments after warning his corner he would do just that if the challenger failed to show more intent . Another clubbing left had Rahman off balance in a neutral corner and with further blows reigning down Weeks stepped in to wave it off . The victory took Klitschko 's record to 52-3 with a remarkable 46 wins by knockout , taking his unbeaten run to 10 since losing to Lamon Brewster in 2004 . `` Hasim Rahman really took some punishment and I have to pay tribute to him , '' Klitschko said . `` I was surprised he stayed in there longer than I thought and I thought they would pull him out . ''

7_5ecbplus.xml
http : www . badlefthook . com 2012 7 7 3143743 klitschko - vs - thompson - ii - results - wladimir - klitschko - tko - sixth - round - heavyweight - boxing - news Klitschko vs Thompson II Results : Wladimir Klitschko Cruises Again , Wins in Six on Jul 7 2012 , 5 : 55p Wladimir Klitschko won his 16th straight fight today , successfully defending the WBA , WBO , and IBF heavyweight titles against Tony Thompson , stopping the 40 - year - old American in the sixth round of a fight that was never really close . Klitschko ( 58 - 3 , 51 KO ) bombed Thompson with a vicious right hand in the fifth round , putting him down late in the frame . That Thompson got up spoke a lot about his desire to try and win , but the fight essentially ended there . He survived the round , but by the end of the sixth frame , appeared mentally beaten and looking for a way out . He went down again in the corner late in the round , and this time referee Sam Williams stopped it at 2 : 56 . Klitschko had beaten Thompson back in 2008 , mostly dominating that fight and knocking "The Tiger" out in the 11th rounds . This time , with Thompson four years older and having had no significant tests in the four years that had passed since their first bout , it wasn't even as competitive as it was the first time . Thompson ( 36 - 3 , 24 KO ) just didn't have a shot in there , looked old , and though his awkward southpaw style gave Klitschko some moments of slight discomfort , it would be a stretch to say that he troubled Wladimir . At this point with the Klitschkos , as much as I admire their talent , skill , dedication to their craft , and the classy manner in which they carry themselves , I just feel like I've seen enough from them both . We're running rerun bouts now . Is there really anyone out there you can look at and see as an actual threat to them ? Is there anyone on the way up who has that skill set ? I just don't see it , and I've grown tired of tuning in for passionless exhibitions of superiority . I don't think they've killed the division , I just think they've dominated it , and with no actual hope for that earth - shaking upset on the horizon , I think I'd personally prefer to just see them both take farewell fights and head on out . There's nothing more to see here .

7_6ecb.xml
The major heavyweight year ended much as it started , with Wladimir Klitschko owning the division against overmatched opposition , and with Hasim Rahman being nothing but a shell of the man that once shockingly knocked out Lennox Lewis . Klitschko dominated Rahman over six-plus rounds , knocking him down in a horribly one-sided sixth round and then landing enough hard blows early in the seventh for referee Tony Weeks to step in and call an end to it . That should just about do it for the 36-year old Rahman , who has n't scored an impressive or notable win since 2005 . Since that win over Monte Barrett , Rahman has gone 4-2-1 with a no-contest , beating nothing but club fighters , and often not even looking good doing that . He 's had a long , strange career , and it looks like it 's over at the top tier . He was so thoroughly overmatched tonight and unwilling to fight Klitschko that he 's clearly got nothing left as a top fighter . Klitschko will move on and fight Alexander Povetkin , Chris Arreola or David Haye sometime in March or April , I 'd wager , and he should be a heavy , heavy favorite against any of them . Arreola was hurt by Travis Walker , Povetkin just does n't strike me as capable of being a truly top-notch guy , and Haye was shaken by Monte Barrett a bit even though he did basically dominate . I 'd love to see Klitschko-Haye simply because I think Haye will make Wlad work . I said during the fight that this was yet another case of Klitschko fighting up or down to his opponent . Haye would make him fight up . Rahman had him fighting down . The fight as also yet another example of why people crap on heavyweight fighting . It was n't interesting , was n't competitive , and you clearly had one guy ( Rahman ) not in shape to fight for more than five rounds . And worse than that , he did n't even fight . In the sixth , he landed one punch . He spent a lot of time laying on the ropes starting in the third round , barely punching at all . The HBO team today was Lampley , Kellerman and Lennox , and they did their usual bit when they watch a heavyweight fight with Lennox in the booth , which means they made verbal love to Lewis while Lewis agreed with their assessment of him as better than everyone fighting today . They 're right , of course -- but we all know that . There was even one round where Lennox decided , out loud , that he is better than Wladimir Klitschko . As always , an interesting group that teaches me a lot about the fights I 'm watching .

7_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . espn . co . uk boxing sport story 159389 . html Klitschko stops Thompson in regulation win July 7 , 2012 Wladimir Klitschko retained his IBF , WBO , WBA & IBO heavyweight world titles with a second professional victory over Tony Thompson on Saturday . Klitschko , 36 , stopped the 40 - year - old Thompson with two seconds remaining of the sixth round in Switzerland to retain his collection of titles . In 2008 , last time the pair met , the bout went 11 rounds before the Ukrainian emerged triumphant . Klitschko dumped Thompson onto the canvas with a booming right end towards the end of the fifth round of the fight in Bern , and from then on it was simply a matter of time before referee Sam Williams stopped matters . The decisive moment came at the end of the next three - minute stretch , the same punch again bringing Thompson to his knees and - despite beating the count - he was clearly too unsteady to continue . Klitschko , who could face Tyson Fury in the near future after being called out by the British - Irish fighter , improves to a career record of 58 wins and three defeats .

7_7ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko easily set aside the challenge of substitute Hasim Rahman , stopping the former heavyweight champion in seven rounds on Saturday in Mannheim , Germany . Klitschko ( 52-3 , 46 knockouts ) retained his International Boxing Federation title for the fifth time in the process . The six-foot-five Ukrainian-born champ was never threatened in the bout , controlling the distance with his jab and introducing some heavy right hands beginning late in the second round . Rahman , 36 , soon grew more intent on survival than winning and fell from three consecutive left hooks in the sixth . Referee Tony Weeks elected to stop the bout early in the seventh when the American was offering no reply to Klitschko 's thudding blows . Rahman ( 45-7-2 , 36 KOs ) fell into the title shot five weeks ago when unbeaten Russian Alexander Povetkin suffered an ankle injury in training and could n't face Klitschko . The Baltimore , Md. , native held portions of heavyweight title on two previous occasions , but has n't beaten an elite opponent in several years . He was undisputed champ for six months in 2001 after stunning Lennox Lewis by knockout in South Africa . Lewis avenged the defeat later in that year with a one-punch knockout of his own . Rahman would go on to win the vacant World Boxing Council in 2005 over Monte Barrett but lost it just over a year later to Oleg Maskaev . The win over Rahman was the 32-year-old Klitschko 's third of the year , following up a decision over Sultan Ibragimov and an 11th-round stoppage of Tony Thompson . His older brother , Vitali , now holds the WBC title .

7_7ecbplus.xml
http : www . eastsideboxing . com weblog news . php ? p=32688&more=1 Article posted on 08 . 07 . 2012 Wladimir Klitschko stops Tony Thompson in 6 with efficient execution Heavyweight champion Wladimir Klitschko once again displayed his dominance by scoring a sixth round stoppage against American contender Tony Thompson . Klitschko utilized good ring smarts and superior punching power to systematically break Thompson down . The first round started cautiously with both fighters becoming reacquainted with each other in a tentative feeling out process . Tony was exhibiting his trademark awkward movement and Wladimir was measuring him with the left rangefinder . It was a relatively even round without much action , but Klitschko landed the two best shots of the round even if Tony threw a little more . Thompson tried jumping on Wladimir to start the second but the champion was prepared . Klitschko followed this with a nice right hand followed by a short crisp combination . Later in the round another Klitschko right snuck in , and then a series of big rights backed the challenger into the ropes . Thompson was wrestled down to the canvas a couple of times in this stanza , and Wlad ’ s superior strength was evident . Klitschko was patient and measured , and his approach was paying off in round two . In between rounds Hall of Fame trainer Emanuel Steward told Klitschko he was mentally wearing Thompson down with pressure , and this certainly appeared to be the case . In round three Klitschko was again using his left hand to block jabs and establish range . Klitschko was looking almost exclusively for right hands , and was not using the authoritative jab we are accustomed to seeing because of Thompson ’ s awkwardness . Thompson was throwing jabs that were mostly being blocked or missing the mark . While it was obvious Thompson was having success in neutralizing Wlad's jab , he was also being peppered with Klitschko right hands that were inflicting far more damage than anything Thompson was throwing . Wladimir finally landed a solid jab almost halfway through the round , but his right hand was still the story of the fight . Thompson landed a decent left later in the round , but Klitschko was too elusive for him for the most part . It was another clear round for the champion . The fourth round was more of the same . The action was highlighted by a thudding right and a well timed combination from the champion . Before the start of the fifth , Steward urged Wladimir to throw more jabs and to spend less time waiting in between attacks . As has been the case many times in the past , Klitschko responded to Steward ’ s instructions and executed with workmanlike precision . He started landing the jab more , and this enabled him to score with a booming right hand that sent Thompson crashing to the canvas . Tony rose to his feet and the action resumed with about 20 seconds left . The challenger held on to survive , but this was perhaps the beginning of the end . Thompson came out to start the sixth and seemed to have regained his equilibrium . He was bouncing around , reacting to Klitschko ’ s feints , and mostly retreating in a defensive posture . As the round progressed he was trying to fling the jab out , but Klitschko was slowly measuring him up , cool as an assassin . Klitschko began throwing the infrequent jab and landing more big rights . Thompson was trying his best to survive , but then a vicious two - handed assault sent Thompson down for the second time . To his credit , he managed to rise to his feet , but the referee then waved it off . This was Klitschko ’ s second victory over Thompson , and with it he improves to 58 - 3 with 51 wins coming by way of knockout . Slowly but surely , Wladimir Klitschko is beginning to establish a strong legacy for himself . He may not always have the most crowd pleasing style , but he is intelligent , powerful , consistent , and extremely efficient at executing his game plan . The EPIX broadcast of the match made note of the following all - time heavyweight records in title fights : HEAVYWEIGHT TITLE FIGHTS Joe Louis 26 - 1 Muhammad Ali 22 - 3 Larry Holmes 21 - 5 Wladimir Klitschko 19 - 2 Lennox Lewis 15 - 2 - 1 Now of course this includes Klitschko ’ s title reign as WBO champion as well as his current reign which began when he captured the IBF strap from Chris Byrd . Many critics will note that the WBO was not universally recognized in high regard at the time Klitschko held that title . Even still , however , Klitschko has won 16 fights in a row since losing to Lamon Brewster in April 2004 , and he was won 13 title fights in a row since his April 2006 victory over Byrd . Beyond that , he has rarely lost a round during that impressive stretch . Given the current state of the heavyweight landscape , it is not inconceivable that Klitschko may well top that list before all is said and done .

7_8ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko stopped Hasim Rahman in the seventh round to retain his IBF , IBO and WBO heavyweight titles at the SAP-Arena in Mannheim , Germany . Rahman , who famously beat Lennox Lewis to become heavyweight champion of the world in 2001 , barely landed a punch as the Ukrainian dominated the encounter from start to finish . Klitschko 's left jab caused problems for Rahman from the start and the American had to resort to holding the Kiev fighter to stem the tide of punches coming his way in the early rounds . Rahman started to look in trouble in the third when he spent most of the round on the ropes as Klitschko landed several solid jabs on the American 's chin . Klitschko followed up a bruising fourth round with a series of jabs in the fifth that kept his opponent on the ropes . Klitschko put his opponent on the canvas in the sixth with a flurry of left hooks . Rahman got up after a seven count but spent the rest of the round on the ropes and only the bell saved him . The champion finished the job 44 seconds into the seventh round when he followed up a left jab with a hook over the top to put Rahman in the corner before referee Tony Weeks stepped in to stop the fight .

7_8ecbplus.xml
http : www . bbc . co . uk sport 0 boxing 18747023 Wladimir Klitschko defeats Tony Thompson in six rounds 7 July 2012 Last updated at 22 : 46 GMT Wladimir Klitschko retained his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts by stopping American challenger Tony Thompson in the sixth round . The Ukrainian world champion extended his unbeaten run to eight years by overcoming 40 - year - old Thompson in Berne , Switzerland on Saturday . Thompson never recovered from a big right hand from Klitschko near the end of the fifth round . And the contest was over when Thompson hit the canvas again in the sixth . It was 36 - year - old Klitschko's 58th victory , 51 by KO , for only three defeats - and his 16th in a row . Wladimir and his older brother Vitali have dominated the heavyweight division for so many years that they are now revisiting fighters from the past . Thompson last met Wladimir Klitschko in 2008 , when the American's challenge was ended in the 11th round .

7_9ecb.xml
Wladimir Klitschko defended his WBO and IBF heavyweight titles in Germany today with a lopsided victory over the American Hasim Rahman , winning by TKO in the seventh round . Klitschko dominated the early rounds , repeatedly landing hard jabs that Rahman just could n't answer . In the third round Klitschko so thoroughly dominated that I scored it a 10-8 round even though Rahman never went down . Klitschko eventually wore Rahman down enough to knock him to the canvas in the sixth round -- a round in which Rahman did n't land a clean punch at all . Early in the seventh , Klitschko staggered Rahman , and the ref mercifully stopped it . Klitschko and his brother Vitali are generally recognized as the two best heavyweights in the world , and although they 'll never fight each other , I hope they 'll start fighting better opposition than Rahman , who is well past his prime and appeared to be out of shape . Mismatches like this one do n't do much to advance heavyweight boxing . Klitschko improved his record to 52-3 and is now on a 10-fight winning streak . Rahman fell to 45-7-2 and is now 10-5-2 with one no contest since knocking out Lennox Lewis in 2001 .

7_9ecbplus.xml
http : bigstory . ap . org article wladimir - klitschko - retains - world - heavyweight - belts WLADIMIR KLITSCHKO RETAINS WORLD HEAVYWEIGHT BELTS Jul . 7 5 : 59 PM EDT Wladimir Klitschko stopped Tony Thompson in the sixth round to retain his WBA , IBF and WBO heavyweight title belts Saturday night . The 36 - year - old champion Klitschko , 58 - 3 with 51 knockouts , floored Thompson with a big right hand near the end of the fifth round at Stade de Suisse , and the 40 - year - old American never recovered . The Ukrainian champion dropped Thompson again in the sixth , and referee Sam Williams gave the challenger a standing count before stopping the fight . In 2008 , Klitschko stopped Thompson in the 11th round . Thompson , who was the mandatory challenger nominated by the IBF , dropped to 36 - 3 .

