9_10ecb.xml
The Bush administration is reducing protections for endangered animals and plants . Just six weeks before Democratic President-elect Barack Obama takes office , the current Republican administration is changing endangered species regulations . Some mandatory , independent reviews that government scientists have performed for 35 years are being eliminated . The scientists ' advice from such reviews can delay or block dams , highways and other projects . The new rules will take effect in about 30 days . The rules also prohibit federal agencies from evaluating the effect on endangered species and the places they live from a project 's contribution to increased global warming . Obama has promised to reverse the new rules . Congress also could overturn them .

9_10ecbplus.xml
http : www . nydailynews . com news politics president - barack - obama - overturns - bush - administration - ruling - endangered - species - act - article - 1 . 365994 President Barack Obama overturns Bush administration ruling on Endangered Species Act WEDNESDAY , MARCH 4 , 2009 , 10 : 53 AM President Barack Obama announced plans Tuesday to resume full scientific reviews of projects that might harm endangered wildlife and plants . The president signed a memorandum putting on hold a Bush administration regulation allowing agencies to avoid scientific reviews in endangered species decisions . During a visit to the Interior Department , Obama said the review process had been undermined by past administrations . "For more than three decades , the Endangered Species Act has successfully protected our nation's most threatened wildlife . We should be looking for ways to improve it , not weaken it , " Obama said . Obama's action puts the Bush regulation on hold until the Interior and Commerce departments complete a review . While on the campaign trail , Obama said he would fight to maintain the protections of the Endangered Species Act and work to undo what was then a proposal by the Bush administration . The rule , finalized in December , made optional the mandatory , independent consultations federal scientists have performed for 35 years on projects . The reviews have been blamed by developers and federal agencies for delays and cost increases . Instead , the Bush rule allowed federal agencies to decide for themselves whether projects such as dams and power plants posed risks to endangered species or the places they live . These changes , which were completed in a relatively short time , were described at the time by the Bush administration as minor . But Democrats and environmentalists have argued that the regulations overhauled long - standing policy . Democratic leaders in Congress who have been attempting to reverse the rule applauded the president's decision . "I wholeheartedly support the president's proposal to restore the protections for endangered species that the Bush administration spent so many years trying to undermine , " said Rep . Nick Rahall , D - W . Va . , who chairs the House Natural Resources Committee . Rahall is pushing to overturn the rule through a congressional resolution . There is also a provision tucked into the $410 billion spending bill the House passed last week that would allow the Interior and Commerce secretaries to withdraw regulations . Since the rule took effect before Obama was sworn in , overturning it through regulation would require a lengthy review process . Industry and business representatives said restoring scientific input would only delay projects , including those that will be funded by the recently passed stimulus package . But Obama , in announcing his decision , said that economic recovery and protecting the environment are not at odds with one another . "We can grow our economy today , " Obama said , "and preserve the environment for ourselves and our children and our grandchildren . "

9_11ecbplus.xml
http : www . ens - newswire . com ens apr2009 2009 - 04 - 28 - 091 . asp Scientific Consultations Under Endangered Species Act Restored WASHINGTON , DC , April 28 , 2009 The Obama administration today revoked an eleventh - hour Bush - era rule that undermined protections for plants and animals listed as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act . Passed in January 2009 , the Bush - era rule lifted the requirement that federal agencies consult wildlife experts with the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration before taking actions that could harm listed species . The Bush move allowed federal agencies to decide for themselves if their own projects , such as roads , dams and mines , would hurt species . Secretary of Commerce Gary Locke and Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar , who head the two agencies that administer the Endangered Species Act , said their decision to again require consultation before action is based on sound science . "By rolling back this 11th hour regulation , we are ensuring that threatened and endangered species continue to receive the full protection of the law , " Salazar said . "Because science must serve as the foundation for decisions we make , federal agencies proposing to take actions that might affect threatened and endangered species will once again have to consult with biologists at the two departments , " he said . "For decades , the Endangered Species Act has protected threatened species and their habitats , " said Locke . "Our decision affirms the administration's commitment to using sound science to promote conservation and protect the environment . " In March , President Barack Obama directed the secretaries to review the previous administration's Section 7 regulation of the Endangered Species Act , which governs interagency consultation . Congress , in the 2009 Omnibus Appropriations Act , specifically authorized the secretaries to revoke the regulation . Locke and Salazar said the two departments will conduct a joint review of the 1986 consultation regulations that are now once again in effect to determine if any improvements should be proposed . The Endangered Species Act was signed into law in 1973 to protect imperiled species from extinction , as well as conserve the ecosystems and habitats necessary for their survival . Today there are 1 , 009 species in the United States listed as endangered under the Act - 409 animals and 600 plants . An additional 162 animals and 146 plants are listed as threatened . Environmentalists and scientists who had lobbied against making consultation discretionary were pleased with the decision . Betsy Loyless , National Audubon Society senior vice president for advocacy and policy , said , "The Obama administration has given a great gift to wildlife and to future generations . Once again , our nation will follow the letter of the law and the advice of its own best experts before jeopardizing the future of threatened and endangered species . " The decision comes as President Obama prepares to mark his first 100 days in office on Wednesday . Loyless said , "The President has capped his first hundred days with a serious step toward restoring our commitment to this nation's great natural heritage . " Last Friday , 1 , 300 biologists and three scientific societies representing some 20 , 000 scientists - The Ornithological Council , Society for Conservation Biology and the Wildlife Society - sent separate letters to the Interior and Commerce departments urging them to overturn the last - minute Bush rule change . "Many federal agencies do not have the scientific expertise to determine the consequences of federal projects on endangered species and may have vested interests in the implementation of a project , " said Stuart Pimm , Doris Duke Professor of Conservation Ecology at Duke University , who helped organize the scientists' letter . Pimm said the Bush rule excluded from the process expert scientists who for decades have provided impartial review and critical analysis of proposed projects . Alan Thornhill , an ecologist and executive director of the Society for Conservation Biology , said , "As the threats we face continue to evolve , federal scientists must be able to evaluate their consequences for imperiled species . Putting boundaries on the science that informs the Endangered Species Act fundamentally undermines the ability of science and scientists to protect our nation's biodiversity . " "Politics plays a huge role in such decisions , " said Michael Hutchins , executive director and chief executive of The Wildlife Society . "Expert review and oversight are critical . " Francesca Grifo , director of Union of Concerned Scientists' Scientific Integrity Program , said lifting the requirement for consultation was one of a number of ways the Bush administration weakened the Act , and more work remains to be done . "Several last - minute Bush administration regulatory changes have undermined the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act , and today the Obama administration has begun to repair the damage , " she said . "The message from tens of thousands of scientists around the country is clear - these unwarranted changes fundamentally undermine our ability to protect imperiled plants and animals . " "Today , the Obama administration restored critical checks and balances to protect our nation's biodiversity , " said Grifo . "But there is much more to be done . The Obama administration must thoroughly review how science is used to ensure that our nation's imperiled species have a chance to survive - and thrive . "

9_12ecbplus.xml
http : www . theguardian . com environment 2009 apr 28 obama - endangered - species - midnight - regulations Obama White House reverses Bush rule on protection of endangered species • Interior and commerce departments agree • Government wildlife experts to be consulted on development Tuesday 28 April 2009 22 . 34 BST The Obama administration overturned one of the most controversial environmental measures of the George Bush era today , striking down a rule that had weakened protection for endangered species . Officials at the interior and commerce ministries said they had returned to a requirement that government wildlife experts sign off on any new development - mining , logging or road construction - that could hurt animals , fish or plants that are at risk of going extinct . Today's move was the latest in a series of declarations by Obama officials meant to chip away at the Bush environmental legacy . A number of those measures were put in place in the final hours of the Bush administration , in what became known as "midnight regulations" . Until last December , developers had been required for more than two decades to get approval from government wildlife experts before embarking on new projects . But the Bush administration in its final days brought in a rule leaving it up to businesses to consult with government biologists on the impact of new development . Environmentalists had accused Bush of effectively gutting protections for threatened or endangered species , and activists had sent more than 70 , 000 petitions to officials in the Obama administration urging them to cancel the "midnight regulation" . In a statement , the commerce secretary , Gary Locke , and the interior secretary , Ken Salazar , agreed . After a scientific reviewed ordered by Obama last month , they said they had reached the conclusion that such protections were indeed necessary . "By rolling back this 11th hour regulation we are ensuring that threatened and endangered species continue to receive the full protection of the law , the two men said in a statement . "Federal agencies proposing to take actions that might affect threatened and endangered species will once again have to consult with biologists . " There was no word on another so - called midnight regulation that undermined protection for polar bear , an omission criticised by some activists today . The move , which had been anticipated , comes just 24 hours after Salazar took steps against another midnight regulation . The interior secretary said he would ask the courts to overturn a last - minute rule that made it easier for coal mining operations engaged in mountaintop removal to dump dirt near streams .

9_13ecbplus.xml
http : digitaljournal . com article 268554 Obama overturns Bush midnight rules on science , health care Mar 5 , 2009 Controversial rulings enacted in the 11th hour by the Bush administration are being examined for policy and legal implications by the Obama administration . Several regulations affecting health care and the environment have been overturned . In his final months in office , former president George W . Bush enacted several highly controversial policies that affect health care and wildlife . In just a little over a month in office , President Barack Obama has sidelined or overturned several of them , and has also reached back over the years to reverse policies enacted during Bush ’ s first term . A Bush administration draft plan to allow oil and gas drilling off the Atlantic and Pacific coasts was sidelined by the Obama administration on Feb . 10 . "To establish an orderly process that allows us to make wise decisions based on sound information , we need to set aside" the plan , said new Interior Secretary Ken Salazar who extended the public comment period on offshore drilling by six months . Obama has maintained that expanded offshore drilling should be part of a larger energy blueprint developed out in the open with Congress , not within the departments of Commerce and Interior Department alone . On Feb . 27 , the Obama administration announced its intention to reverse the so - called “ medical conscience ” rule , following a 30 - day comment period . The rule gave health care workers the right to refuse to participate in services they consider immoral . The rule was vaguely worded and extended the right to refuse service to everyone from receptionists and janitors to hospital executives and insurance company CEOs . Opponents considered the rule , which took effect the day before Obama ’ s inauguration , a thinly veiled maneuver to limit access to legal abortions , contraceptives , and living will directives . On March 3 , Obama overturned another 11th hour Bush regulation that weakened the Endangered Species Act and pitted federal agencies against each other . The regulation allowed federal agencies to sidestep scientific evidence gathered by U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service experts when launching construction projects that impact endangered wildlife . When overturning the regulation , Obama said he was restoring "the scientific process to its rightful place at the heart of the Endangered Species Act , a process undermined by past administrations . " The Obama administration will also move quickly to reverse some older Bush rulings . On January 30 , Obama signed an executive order rescinding a 2001 Bush policy change that barred U . S . financial aid to international organizations that provide or promote abortions . First implemented by President Reagan and called the “ Mexico City ” rule , the policy is reversed whenever there is a change in ideology in the White House . Obama said the policy toward international family planning "has been used as a political wedge issue . " He said his administration would “ initiate a fresh conversation on family planning , working to find areas of common ground to best meet the needs of women and families at home and around the world . " The Obama administration plans to head off many of Bush ’ s midnight hour rules still in the pipeline before they take effect . On inauguration day , federal agency heads were sent a memo stating that they should freeze all Bush regulations in the pipeline . Office of Management and Budget Director Peter Orszag followed up with a Jan . 21 memo giving agency heads these options for dealing with Bush - era “ rules which raise substantial questions of law or policy : ” extending the effective date of a rule , reopening the notice and comment period , issuing interim final rules , and deciding not to defend court challenges to Bush administration rules . For a partial list of Bush ’ s midnight regulations and their current status , visit ProPublica .

9_1ecb.xml
With just over a month remaining in office , the Bush administration loosened federal protection of plant and animal species threatened with extinction . On Thursday , the Interior Department announced a change to Section 7 of the Endangered Species Act , which required federal agencies to consult with scientists at the Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service to determine whether a project is likely to affect any listed species . Under the new rule , federal agencies such as the Federal Highway Administration can in many cases simply check with their own personnel to determine if their activities will harm any of the 1,247 animal and 747 plant species listed as endangered or threatened . `` The rule strengthens the regulations so the government can focus on protecting endangered species as it strives to rebuild the American economy , '' said Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne . It started with the polar bears The rule change has its origins in a May announcement by the Interior Department that listed the polar bear as threatened because global warming is melting its habitat . It was the first animal to be listed because of climate change . In that announcement , Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne said that even though global climate change is the reason that the bear is on the endangered species list in the first place , that list is `` not the means , nor the method , nor the vehicle by which you can deal with global climate change . '' The Interior Department 's press release cites a May editorial from the Washington Post that endorses this view: That Mr. Kempthorne has to contort his agency to ensure that it does n't get dragged into setting US climate policy is simply more proof of the need for such a policy , supported by the White House and ratified by Congress , that aims at sharply reducing greenhouse-gas emissions . Though the polar bear deserves protection , the Endangered Species Act is not the means and the Fish and Wildlife Service is not the agency to arrest global warming . The release quotes the second sentence of that paragraph . So under the new rules , federal agencies that are undertaking a project need not check with Fish and Wildlife or National Marine Fisheries under these circumstances: Where the action has no effect on a listed species or critical habitat , or Where the action is wholly beneficial , or Where the effects of the action can not be measured or detected in a manner that permits meaningful evaluation using the best available science , or Where the effects of the action are the result of global processes and can not be reliably predicted or measured on the scale of species current range , or would result in an insignificant impact to a listed species , or are such that the potential risk of harm to a species is remote . Reactions Environmentalists are less than thrilled by this rule change . Andrew Wetzler , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's Endangered Species Program , says his organization will probably sue: `` This administration has rejected anything with a whiff of science so before sulking out the back door , they are going after rules that require Fish and Wildlife Service scientists to prevent harm to our last wild animals and places . Despite today 's feel-good statements , we remain convinced that these changes are illegal . We will look at the final language when it is published tomorrow , but I think we will see them in court . '' Defenders of the Wildlife , who have filed suit along with Greenpeace and the Center for Biological Diversity , are similarly disgusted by the Bush administration 's actions: `` This administration 's disdain for wildlife and the environment has never been more clear than it is today , '' said Jamie Rappaport Clark , executive vice president of Defenders of Wildlife and former director of the Fish and Wildlife Service . `` For 35 years , the Endangered Species Act has helped save and recover imperiled wildlife on the brink of extinction . Now , with this administration facing its last days , they are doing everything they can to cement their anti-environmental legacy before the Obama administration takes office . '' The US Chamber of Commerce welcomed the rule change . Reversible ? Obama says that he intends to reverse the rule change , along with other `` midnight rules '' made in the waning days of the Bush presidency . But that may be easier said than done . ProPublica , a nonprofit investigative news organization , notes that while last-minute rules that have not yet taken effect can be quickly reversed by Obama 's appointees or by executive order , rules that are in force when he takes office can not : Rescinding a rule would require the new administration to restart the rulemaking process , which can take years and prompt legal challenges . Another strategy that has been talked about lately - getting Congress to disapprove the rules through the Congressional Review Act - carries political risks and has been used only once before . The new endangered species rule takes effect nine days before Obama 's inauguration . There is still a chance that the rule could be quickly reversed , however . USA Today reports that Rep. Nick Rahall ( D ) of West Virginia , the chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , says that he will likely invoke the Congressional Review Act , a rarely used law that gives Congress 60 days to review and overrule regulations issued by government agencies .

9_1ecbplus.xml
http : www . endangered . org obama - administration - restores - endangered - species - act - protections APR 28 Obama Administration Restores Endangered Species Act Protections ! Today , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Commerce Secretary Gary Locke announced the restoration of rules under the Endangered Species Act that help protect endangered species when government decisions or projects are implemented . The rules were weakened in the final days of the Bush administration . The Department of Interior sent out this press release announcing the decision today . Their decision requires federal agencies to once again consult with federal wildlife experts at the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration before taking any action that may affect threatened or endangered species . The action will restore an important check - and - balance system that enables government projects to move forward and at the same time protect at - risk species . The restoration of these protections is amazing news for our country ’ s wildlife , fish and plants on the brink of extinction . Making this decision within the first 100 days of office is also an important symbol that America will once again respect science and environmental protections . The Endangered Species Coalition is incredibly grateful to President Obama , Secretary Locke and Secretary Salazar for their leadership on addressing the urgent environmental issues of species extinction and global warming . For more information , check out the ESC statement .

9_2ecb.xml
The Interior Department yesterday finalized rules changing the way it administers the Endangered Species Act , enabling other government agencies to decide on their own whether a project would harm an imperiled species without an independent scientific review . Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne called the move `` a clarification '' he considered essential in order to narrow the law 's reach . `` The rule strengthens the regulations so the government can focus on protecting endangered species as it strives to rebuild the American economy , '' Kempthorne said , adding that agencies can bypass a review by either the Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration only `` in specific and limited instances where an action is not anticipated to harass , harm or kill a protected species . '' Dale Hall , who directs the Fish and Wildlife Service , said the change did not mean that agencies could build dams , roads or other projects without taking into account the consequences . `` The agency still has the full responsibility to make that decision and to defend that decision , '' Hall said , noting that the loss of an imperiled species , known as `` take , '' carries legal penalties . `` They 're still liable for take , if take occurs . '' Hall said he was initially concerned about `` the compressed time frame '' in which the agency pushed through the rule change , which was unveiled in August , but he added that he did n't `` see any harm '' in Kempthorne 's final decision . Interior went ahead with the rule change one day after the Environmental Protection Agency dropped two other controversial rules changes , saying they had come along too late in President Bush 's term. White House spokesman Tony Fratto said the reason was that the administration had `` publicly and clearly stated our intention '' to enact the endangered species measure well before a self-imposed deadline on eleventh-hour rule changes . The agency received nearly 235,000 comments on the endangered species proposal , at least 208,000 of which were form letters decrying the rule . Congressional Democrats and environmentalists sharply criticized the administration for the Interior Department action . `` As the Bush administration fades off into the sunset , it continues to take brazen pot shots at everything in sight , including America 's landmark conservation law , the Endangered Species Act , '' said House Resources Committee Chairman Nick J. Rahall II ( D-W.Va. ) , who said he would introduce legislation seeking to overturn the rule next year . Separately yesterday , Interior issued a finding limiting the protections that could be invoked to protect polar bears , which were listed as a threatened species this year , on the grounds that the bears are already protected under the Marine Mammals Protection Act . The finding means that the bears ' protected status could not be used to block activities such as oil and gas development outside their Alaska habitat . `` We do not believe the science is there to make the causal link between activities in the lower 48 to the take of a polar bear , '' Kempthorne said . `` To finally admit that the science compels the listing of the polar bear as threatened due to global warming , but then deny it the protections the Endangered Species Act should provide , is nothing other than irresponsible and shameful , '' said Jamie Rappaport Clark , executive vice president of the advocacy group Defenders of Wildlife , adding that her group would sue to overturn the rule .

9_2ecbplus.xml
http : www . cnn . com 2009 POLITICS 03 03 endangered . species . act updated 8 : 41 p . m . EST , Tue March 3 , 2009 Obama overturns Bush endangered species rule President Obama on Tuesday overturned a last - minute Bush administration regulation that many environmentalists claim weakened the Endangered Species Act . The regulation , issued a few weeks before George W . Bush left office , made it easier for federal agencies to skip consultations with government scientists before launching projects that could affect endangered wildlife . By overturning the regulation , Obama said during an enthusiastic reception at the Interior Department , he had restored "the scientific process to its rightful place at the heart of the Endangered Species Act , a process undermined by past administrations . " Under the Bush administration rule , there was no need for a federal agency to consult with the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Services if that agency determined that no harm would come to an endangered species as a result of its project . But the determination of what "no harm" meant rested with agency bureaucrats instead of scientists . Obama issued a memorandum that effectively suspends the regulation while ordering a review to determine whether it promotes "the purposes of the [ Endangered Species Act ] . " "The work of scientists and experts in my administration , including right here in the Interior Department , will be respected , " Obama said . "For more than three decades , the Endangered Species Act has successfully protected our nation's most threatened wildlife , and we should be looking for ways to improve it , not weaken it . " Environmental groups were quick to praise Obama's action . "President Obama's announcement will allow [ the Endangered Species Act ] to do what it was intended : protect our nation's endangered plants and animals , " said Andrew Wetzler , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council's Endangered Species Program . "Reversing the Bush administration's midnight action will restore protections for our last wild places and species . " Obama also helped celebrate the 160th anniversary of the Interior Department on Tuesday . "Throughout our history , there's been a tension between those who've sought to conserve our natural resources for the benefit of future generations and those who have sought to profit from these resources , " he told department employees . "But I'm here to tell you this is a false choice . With smart , sustainable policies , we can grow our economy today and preserve the environment for ourselves , our children and our grandchildren . "

9_3ecb.xml
Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne announced major changes Thursday to the Endangered Species Act , causing environmental groups to charge that the `` midnight rules `` set to go into effect before President-elect Barack Obama takes office are intended to eviscerate the nation 's premier wildlife-protection law . The regulations eliminate a requirement that federal agencies seek review by government scientists before approving logging , mining and construction projects to make sure the activities do n't endanger rare animals and plants . In addition , the regulations say the law could not be used to protect polar bears , walrus , mountain frogs and other species vulnerable to the effects of global warming . `` The Bush administration is using this to go after our most imperiled wildlife and kick them when they are down , '' said Janette Brimmer , an attorney with Earthjustice , an environmental group . `` The act is our nation 's most important law for protecting wildlife like wolves , grizzlies , salmon and lynx . '' Reid Cherlin , a spokesman for the Obama-Biden transition team , said , `` President-elect Obama will review all 11th-hour regulations and will address them once he takes office . '' Obama has said he does not favor changing the Endangered Species Act . Kempthorne , at a news conference in Washington , said that he knew changes to the act would evoke controversy but that he is certain the new rules would clear up confusion over the law that had existed for years . `` Nothing in the regulation relieves a federal agency of its responsibilities to ensure that species are not harmed , '' he said . Law covers 1,400 species The law protects 1,400 species . In the last eight years , there has been a slowdown in adding new plants and animals , building a backlog of hundreds of species waiting for scientific review and approval , including California 's furry Pacific fisher and Sierra Nevada yellow-legged frog . The Interior Department proposed the new regulations in May and since has received nearly 300,000 comments , the vast majority opposing the changes . Hours after Thursday 's announcement , three environmental groups , Greenpeace , Defenders of Wildlife and Center for Biological Diversity , filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court in San Francisco seeking to halt regulations that they say are inconsistent with the act . The regulations do n't require federal agencies to seek consultation with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service before approving projects , the lawsuit said . In Congress , Rep. Edward Markey , D-Mass. , called a hearing to review the regulations and said members would work to restore the act. Rep. Nick Rahall , D-W.Va. , said members may try to eliminate the regulations by using a special congressional act that allows the review of newly adopted administrative rules . Part of the new regulations prohibit regulators from taking into account the effects of greenhouse gases on habitats and on species . Kempthorne said his legal advisers concluded that considering global warming a threat to the survival of the polar bear would require tracking emissions to a particular factory and determining how that would melt Arctic ice and harm the bear . `` That 's completely wrong , and they 're just making that up , '' said attorney Kassie Siegel of the Center for Biological Diversity , which is suing the federal government in an attempt to protect polar bears . Federal agencies are supposed to look at sources of greenhouse gases from projects they approve , then analyze ways to reduce those emissions , Siegel said . `` There 's no requirement to trace any molecule of DDT to the thinning of bald eagle eggs just as there 's no requirement to trace any molecule of carbon dioxide to the death of any particular polar bear , '' she said . In California , the requirement to consult with government biologists before construction projects is particularly crucial , said Mark Rockwell , California state representative of the Endangered Species Coalition , an alliance of 50 environmental , business , hunting and fish and religious groups in the state . The U.S. Forest Service approves logging plans that might affect coastal coho salmon and steelhead , marbled murrelets and Pacific fishers on national forests . The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers give permits for filling wetlands . Without the requirement , there 's no incentive for the agencies to seek consultation and a biological opinion , Rockwell said . For example , the Bureau of Reclamation was forced by the current requirement to seek biological opinions on whether the amount of water being diverted from the southern part of the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta would hurt the delta smelt or harm chinook salmon . Protections found lacking Environmental groups challenged opinions that water flows for the fish were adequate , and won decisions agreeing that the protections were indeed lacking in the plans . `` It was the biological opinions that led to the challenges , '' Rockwell said . `` If you do n't have an opinion , you have nothing to challenge . '' Under the new regulations , the federal agencies would have the discretion of deciding whether or not to ask for a consultation and opinion , Rockwell said .

9_3ecbplus.xml
http : www . ucsusa . org news press _ release endangered - species - letter - 0227 . html April 27 , 2009 Biologists Call on Obama Administration to Overturn Bush Rules that Cut Science Out of Endangered Species Legislation Interior and Commerce Secretaries Must Act by May 9 More than 1 , 300 federal and independent scientists with biological expertise and three leading scientific societies today called on the Interior and Commerce departments to overturn rule changes made in January that weaken the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act . In a letter , the scientists urged the department secretaries to rescind changes to Endangered Species Act regulations that allow federal agencies to decide for themselves if their own projects—such as roads , dams and mines—would threaten imperiled species . Previously , federal agencies were required to consult with biologists at the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or National Marine Fisheries Service before undertaking or permitting projects . "Many federal agencies do not have the scientific expertise to determine the consequences of federal projects on endangered species and may have vested interests in the implementation of a project , " said Stuart Pimm , Doris Duke Professor of Conservation Ecology at Duke University , who helped organize the scientists' letter . "The new rules exclude expert scientists—who for decades have provided impartial review and critical analysis—from the process . " The Ornithological Council , Society for Conservation Biology and the Wildlife Society , which collectively represent more than 20 , 000 scientists , also sent a letter today asking the Interior and Commerce secretaries to rescind the changes and make other improvements to the scientific base of the Endangered Species Act . "As the threats we face continue to evolve , federal scientists must be able to evaluate their consequences for imperiled species . Putting boundaries on the science that informs the Endangered Species Act fundamentally undermines the ability of science and scientists to protect our nation's biodiversity , " said Alan Thornhill , an ecologist and executive director of the Society for Conservation Biology . "Politics plays a huge role in such decisions , " said Michael Hutchins , executive director and CEO of The Wildlife Society . "Expert review and oversight are critical . " The rules generated concern when they were hastily pushed through at the end of the last administration with little discussion or debate . The Obama administration has addressed the rule change , but has not formally overturned it . On March 3 , President Obama directed the Commerce and Interior departments to review it , stating that "we should be looking at ways to strengthen [ the Endangered Species Act ] —not weaken it . " President Obama also directed federal agencies to continue consulting with scientists on projects that might harm endangered species . Congress also has taken steps to address the problem . A provision in an omnibus spending bill signed by President Obama on March 11 allows Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Commerce Secretary Gary Locke to rescind the rule changes within 60 days . Secretary Salazar has said publicly that he is concerned about the rule changes , but has not indicated that he will act by the May 9 deadline . On Friday , it was reported that the Interior Department sent a rule to the White House Office of Management and Budget that addresses the interagency review process but not other parts of the rules that the scientists want repealed , particularly the limits on what kinds of information can be used in determining how to protect the polar bear . The content of the rule was not released . The two letters also urge the administration to take a more comprehensive look at how science can better inform decision - making under the Endangered Species Act . According to the scientists , other recent changes create unrealistic deadlines for scientific consultations and limit the types of information federal scientists can consider when evaluating federal projects . "These changes chop down the role of science in governmental decision - making , leaving less than a stump behind . The loss of science translates into real loss of biodiversity , " said Francesca Grifo , a biodiversity expert and director of the Union of Concerned Scientists' Scientific Integrity Program . "The new rules weaken the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act and make it easier to base decisions on politics instead of science . In giving the departments the authority to roll back these rules , Congress has given the American People a gift , and the department secretaries need to open it . "

9_4ecb.xml
The Bush administration issued two late-term regulations on Thursday that environmentalists say weaken federal protection for endangered species but that Interior Department officials defended as blocking a `` back-door '' attempt to regulate emissions that contribute to global warming . Conservation groups sued to block the new rules , reigniting a fight over so-called midnight regulation that had seemed to die down a day earlier when the administration declined to impose looser air pollution rules that environmentalists had feared . Previously , federal agencies were required to consult with scientists who specialized in particular species before proceeding with a project like a road or dam . The project could not go forward unless the specialist certified that no harm would come to endangered plants or wildlife . The rules announced Thursday would allow federal agencies to bypass those scientists in some cases if the agencies determined that the endangered species would not be harmed . The revision was finalized after four months of deliberation and over the objections of what officials said were the bulk of nearly 235,000 public comments on the change . The updated rules also bar agencies from stopping a project because its emissions might contribute to global warming . Opponents call the change particularly objectionable for the polar bear , which has seen its habitat shrink as Arctic ice caps melt . The government declared polar bears a threatened species this year . Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne called the rule changes `` narrow '' and a `` common-sense '' approach to species protection . He stressed that agencies could still consult with species scientists if they chose , and he reiterated his belief that climate change regulation is a `` wholly inappropriate use of the Endangered Species Act . '' Kempthorne acknowledged internal debate over the changes , but he and other administration officials said they tweaked the rule in response to public comments . Environmental groups panned them anyway . Janette Brimmer , an attorney with Earthjustice , said the administration was `` using global warming as a stalking horse to undo species protections on a broad scale . '' Andrew Wetzler , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's endangered species program , was blunt: `` We will see them in court . '' Environmentalists have tussled with the administration in its waning days over oil and gas drilling leases near national parks and oil shale development across the western U.S . They cheered Wednesday , however , when the Environmental Protection Agency said it would not revise two air pollution standards . White House officials say they 've worked hard to minimize the kind of end-of-term rulemaking that President Bill Clinton engaged in heavily . Many of the late rules could be difficult for President-elect Barack Obama to overturn without in a lengthy process , though a little-used law could allow Congress to void them . The House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming held a hearing on Thursday into Bush 's late energy and environmental rulemaking . Committee Chairman Rep. Edward Markey ( D-Mass. ) said the rules issued Thursday showed the administration was `` determined to use every last minute in office to wreak as much havoc as possible on our nation . '' Kempthorne , for his part , sounded keenly aware of timing issues in a conference call with reporters , when he noted he had 39 days left in office . Asked if that gave him pause for issuing new rules , he replied: `` Do you think Eli Manning should have left the field five minutes before the end of the last Super Bowl ? ''

9_4ecbplus.xml
http : www . ucsusa . org news press _ release interior - overturns - bush - esa - 0223 . html April 28 , 2009 Interior , Commerce Departments Overturn Rule That Cut Science Out of Endangered Species Act Statement by Francesca Grifo Today , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar rescinded eleventh - hour Bush administration changes to Endangered Species Act regulations that allowed federal agencies to decide for themselves if their own projects—such as roads and dams—would threaten imperiled species . Federal agencies again will be required to consult with expert biologists at the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or National Marine Fisheries Service before undertaking or permitting new projects . The rule change was just one of several controversial Bush administration actions that undermined the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act , according to the Union of Concerned Scientists ( UCS ) . In a related story , 1 , 300 biologists and three scientific societies representing some 20 , 000 scientists sent separate letters last Friday to the Interior and Commerce departments urging them to overturn the last - minute Bush rule changes . Below is a statement by Francesca Grifo , director of UCS's Scientific Integrity Program : "Several last - minute Bush administration regulatory changes have undermined the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act , and today the Obama administration has begun to repair the damage . The message from tens of thousands of scientists around the country is clear : These unwarranted changes fundamentally undermine our ability to protect imperiled plants and animals . "Today , the Obama administration restored critical checks and balances to protect our nation's biodiversity . Interior Secretary Salazar's decision is a long - awaited first step . But there is much more to be done . The Obama administration must thoroughly review how science is used to ensure that our nation's imperiled species have a chance to survive—and thrive . "

9_5ecb.xml
The US Interior and Commerce departments reported Dec. 11 final proposed changes to the Endangered Species Act , which Interior Secretary Dirk A. Kempthorne said were not as extensive as originally planned . `` The rule strengthens the regulations so the government can focus on protecting endangered species as it strives to rebuild the American economy , '' Kempthorne said . `` It has been revised since it was proposed in August because the public made suggestions we could use to improve it , '' he said . The proposed changes are scheduled to appear in the Dec. 12 Federal Register . `` What we are doing is clarifying the threshold for consultation to occur . If science can not draw a direct causal link between an action and an effect on a listed species , as is currently the case for global processes like climate change , than consultation under the ESA is not necessary , '' Kempthorne maintained . Congressional critics and environmental organizations immediately criticized the proposal . `` The Bush administration appears to be determined to use every last minute in office to wreak as much havoc as possible on our nation , '' said Edward J. Markey ( D-Mass. ) , chairman of the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming . `` Today 's announcement that they will be removing fish and wildlife experts from key decisions to protect the safety of iconic animals like the polar bear from global warming 's effects is absurd and a recipe for disaster , '' Markey said . Andrew Wetzler , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's endangered species program , commented, `` This administration has rejected anything with a whiff of science , so before skulking out the back door they are going after rules that require [ US ] Fish and Wildlife Service scientists to prevent harm to our last wild animals and places . Despite today 's feel-good statements , we remain convinced that these changes are illegal . We will look at the final language when it is published tomorrow , but I think we will see them in court . '' Scope of exceptions But Kempthorne noted that federal agencies would be required to follow existing consultation procedures except in specific , limited instances where a proposed action is not expected to have adverse impacts on any member of an ESA-listed species and would satisfy one of the following conditions: It must be wholly beneficial , have no effect on a listed species or its critical habitat , have effects which could not be measured or detected in a manner that permits meaningful evaluation , or it must be the result of global processes that can not be reliably predicted or measured on the scale of the species ' current range . Agencies still would be able to voluntarily engage in the consultation process , the secretary emphasized . He said the final proposed regulations contain fewer opportunities for agencies to proceed without consultation than what was originally envisioned . Nothing in the proposals requires that a federal agency bypass consultation , nor does it preclude any federal agency from seeking the expertise of the Fish and Wildlife Service and the National Marine Fisheries Service or from taking advantage of expertise that may be available from state and local agencies , universities , nongovernment organizations , or other sources , according to Kempthorne . Any federal agency may avail itself of expertise offered by FWS and NMFS in exactly the same manner as under current regulations if it determines it has any limitations to make determinations under the ESA or believes that it does not have the scientific expertise to make an accurate assessment of a project 's impacts on listed species and critical habitat , he said . Moreover , nothing in the proposals relieves an agency of its responsibilities to ensure that listed species are not harmed during completion of a federal action , regardless of whether consultation occurs or not , Kempthorne said . In cases where an action agency determines that consultation is not required and harm to a listed species results , full civil and criminal penalties , as laid out by other sections of the ESA , remain in effect , he indicated .

9_5ecbplus.xml
http : articles . washingtonpost . com 2009 - 03 - 04 news 36879035 _ 1 _ bridge - project - obama - administration - george - w - bush Obama Reverses Bush on Species Protection Measure March 04 , 2009 In a move that will subject a number of government projects to enhanced environmental and scientific scrutiny , President Obama is restoring a requirement that U . S . agencies consult with independent federal experts to determine whether their actions might harm threatened and endangered species . The presidential memorandum issued yesterday , which marks yet another reversal of former president George W . Bush's environmental legacy , will revive a decades - old practice under the Endangered Species Act that calls for agencies to consult with either the Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on whether their projects could affect imperiled species . On Dec . 16 , the Bush administration allowed agencies to waive such reviews if they decided , on their own , that the actions would not harm vulnerable plants and animals . Obama , who visited the Interior Department to commemorate its 160th anniversary , said he had instructed Interior and Commerce Department officials to review the Bush rules . In the meantime , according to the memorandum , officials should "follow the prior longstanding consultation and concurrence practices" that call for independent reviews . "The work of scientists and experts in my administration , including here at the Interior Department , will be respected , " Obama said . "With smart , sustainable policies , we can grow our economy today and preserve the environment . " Environmentalists and scientists welcomed the move , but business officials said it could delay federally funded projects that could help revive the nation's economy : All of them agreed it would prompt a second look at several initiatives adopted by the Bush administration in its final months in office . Earthjustice lawyer Janette Brimmer , whose group had challenged the Bush rule in federal district court in California , said she expected that the new administration would reexamine two pending projects : a Bureau of Land Management plan for overseeing Oregon's forests , which was finalized on Dec . 30 and could affect protected species such as the northern spotted owl ; and construction of the White Pine coal - fired power plant in Nevada . "I think the Obama administration now is going to take a step back on these projects . It needs to bring science back into the equation , " Brimmer said , adding that her group will not drop its lawsuit until it can assess how the new policy is working . Francesca Grifo of the Union of Concerned Scientists , an activist group , said the switch would help guard against the potential conflicts of interest and lack of expertise that could color decision - making by any agency hoping to press ahead with a particular project . "After years of scientific scandal , the Interior Department and its partner agencies need desperately to regain credibility by making decisions with honesty , clarity and transparency , " Grifo said . But William L . Kovacs , the U . S . Chamber of Commerce's vice president of environment , technology and regulatory affairs , said that reviving another layer of review "will result in even greater delays to projects - - including stimulus - backed , job - creating projects - - as agencies now grapple with the prospect of lengthy interagency consultations to determine , for instance , if a bridge project in Florida contributes to the melting of Arctic ice . This is such a departure from the spirit and the letter of the Endangered Species Act that we wonder if the law's drafters would even recognize it today . " The latest policy shift follows several other administration actions revamping environmental policies , including a reexamination of fuel economy standards and offshore oil drilling ; a new review of whether to grant California and other states the right to regulate greenhouse - gas emissions from vehicles ; and the endorsement of a new international treaty negotiation on global mercury emissions . House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Nick J . Rahall II ( D - W . Va . ) , who had been seeking to overturn Bush's endangered species rule through legislation , called the announcement "one more indication that the new administration truly represents change for the better and is committed to the protection of our natural resources and our environment . " Officials said the move is unlikely to trigger broad use of the Endangered Species Act to regulate greenhouse - gas emissions . While the Bush rule specifically prohibited endangered species consultations on the basis of "global processes" such as climate change , an Interior official speaking on the condition of anonymity said that under the new policy , such a review would be triggered only if scientific evidence suggested "a causal connection" between emissions from a federal project and its effect on an imperiled species or an identifiable part of its habitat .

9_6ecb.xml
WHEN PLANNING TO widen Interstate 90 through Snoqualmie Pass , state transportation brass , federal agencies and greens wisely opted to cut down on road ( and people ) kill , and to give peace a chance . The result will be a series of wildlife overpasses and underpasses , and efforts to make Gold Creek a healthy home to the endangered bull trout . The unspoken trade-off : No lawsuits will hold up or raise costs on work that benefits the economy , and eases the drive to and from Eastern Washington . Before leaving the political stage , the Bush administration aims to kiss off this kind of modest use of intelligence . It is , said Rep. Jay Inslee , D-Wash. , the Bushies ' `` last sour note . '' Using the Christmas season for cover , the Interior Department on Thursday issued `` revised '' regulations designed to shield federal projects from review under the Endangered Species Act . `` I 've been waiting and holding my breath for one last awful thing ( Bush ) would do to be remembered by , and he has done it , '' said Rep. Jim McDermott , D-Wash . The administration ignored comments from 300,000 citizens and adopted a policy that would allow federal agencies to ignore one of the nation 's basic environmental laws . It would eliminate some requirements for independent review by scientists -- notably from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service -- as agencies plan projects involving timber sales , road construction and oil leases . New rules would also prohibit federal agencies from assessing how a proposed project would add to global warming or jeopardize species habitat . `` Nothing in this regulation relieves a federal agency of its responsibilities to ensure that species are not harmed , '' Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne told reporters . Huh ? `` If this rule had been implemented in years past , highway builders could have done what they wanted , without talking to the Fish and Wildlife Service . We would probably not be seeing the improvements on I-90 , '' said Rick McGuire of the Alpine Lakes Protection Society . `` The I-90 corridor has been a Berlin Wall between the northern Cascades and southern Cascades . If you do n't make the means to cross a road like this , it 's bad for wildlife . And it 's bad for people who hit wildlife . '' Inslee noted the administration 's recent two-step maneuver in the Chukchi Sea off the north coast of Alaska . The Fish and Wildlife Service formally listed the polar bear under the Endangered Species Act , due to the threat from global warming . Ignoring the listing , the feds ' Minerals Management Service proceeded to sell oil leases where the bears live . The Bush administration finalized a retroactive justification on Thursday . It created a `` special rule '' for polar bears , allowing oil and gas drilling , as long as oil companies obey the Marine Mammal Protection Act . `` Polar bears do n't need a listing . They need ice , '' said Inslee . Inslee noted the role of the late Sen. Henry Jackson , D-Wash. , who backed oil development in the Arctic and helped write the Endangered Species Act . `` Senator Jackson and others had the foresight and intelligence to say : Let us allow the expertise of government scientists to be tapped before decisions are made , '' Inslee added . `` That 's what the consultation process does . It has been used to good effect in our state . '' Critics of the Endangered Species Act often substitute anecdote for fact . They 've argued that consultation with government scientists means holdups and more work . In a filing with the Interior Department , however , the Natural Resources Defense Council noted that no evidence of delay and cost was produced to support relaxing the law . Quite the contrary . The new policy nixes informal consultation between agencies intended to determine whether a project needs more formal and detailed environmental review . The likely result will be `` erroneous findings '' by agencies , argued the NRDC . What 's the consequence ? Project opponents will get grounds to sue . `` We will look at the final ( rule ) language when it is published tomorrow , but I think we will see them in court , '' said Andrew Welzler of the NRDC . Putting teeth back in the Endangered Species Act , and reversing the new rule , presents a tricky , time-consuming task for the Obama administration . The makeup of Obama 's environmental team has surfaced in recent days . It is urban , and largely Eastern . The incoming Environmental Protection Agency boss , Lisa Jackson , has worked as New Jersey 's environmental commissioner . Soon-to-be senior White House aide Carol Browner , an Al Gore protagonist , is from Florida . Obama brass would be well advised to turn for help to the Pacific Northwest and Mountain West . Our government leaders have dealt with tricky issues involving Endangered Species Act listings of Puget Sound salmon runs and orcas . East Coast environmentalists , in high government posts , proved tone-deaf and clumsy when dealing with endangered species issues in the Clinton and Carter administrations . What 's needed now is political savvy , plus what George W. Bush , in his 2000 campaign , described as `` sound science . '' P-I columnist Joel Connelly can be reached at 206-448-8160 or joelconnelly @ seattlepi.com . Follow politics on the P-I 's blog at blog.seattlepi.com/seattlepolitics .

9_6ecbplus.xml
http : www . huffingtonpost . com 2009 04 28 obama - administration - flip _ n _ 192518 . html Obama Administration Flips Bush Endangered Species Ruling 04 28 09 07 : 35 PM ET Federal agencies again will have to consult with government wildlife experts before taking actions that could have an impact on threatened or endangered species . The Obama administration said Tuesday it was overturning a rule change made in the final weeks of the Bush presidency . Officials at the Interior and Commerce departments said they have reimposed the consultation requirement that assured the government's top biologists involved in species protection will have a say in federal action that could harm plants , animals and fish that are at risk of extinction . Such consultation had been required for more than two decades until the Bush administration made it optional in rules issued last December , just weeks before the change in administrations . Environmentalists argued that the change severely reduced the protection afforded under the federal Endangered Species Act . "By rolling back this eleventh - hour regulation , we are ensuring that threatened and endangered species continue to receive the full protection of the law" and that top science will be the foundation of the decision making , said Interior Secretary Ken Salazar . Commerce Secretary Gary Locke added : "Our decision affirms the administration's commitment to using sound science to promote conservation and protect the environment . " Agencies in the two department's share responsibility for managing and enforcing the Endangered Species Act and employ the government's top scientists in species protection . In March , President Barack Obama issued an executive order putting the Bush rule change on hold . Congress followed by giving specific authorization for the Interior and Commerce departments to revoke the action , avoiding a long and complicated regulatory process . Environmentalists widely praised Tuesday's action , but some expressed dismay that Salazar didn't also rescind a rule that limits the protection to the polar bear , which last year was declared as "threatened" under the Endangered Species Act because of disappearing Arctic sea ice as a result of climate change . The Bush administration issued a rule that prohibits an agency from taking into account indirect adverse impacts on the polar bear from activities outside of the Arctic region : For example carbon dioxide emissions that are linked to global warming and , therefore , the loss of Arctic sea ice . Congress authorized that rule to be revoked as well , but the Interior Department said no decision had yet been made on the matter . "From our perspective the job is half done , " said Noah Greenwald of the Center for Biological Diversity , an advocacy group . "The polar bear's Arctic sea ice habitat is melting away . If the ( Bush ) special rule is not struck down the polar bear is likely to be the first large mammal to go extinct due to global warming in the United States . " The end of the long - standing requirement _ dating back to 1986 _ of interagency consultation with the Interior and Commerce agencies on endangered species protection produced a firestorm in both Congress and within the environmental and conservation communities . For years , agencies involved in thousands of federal activities _ from issuing clean air rules to approving highway or dam construction _ have had to consult not only their own experts but also biologists at the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to ensure the activities did not harm plants , animals or fish that are protected by the Endangered Species Act . Developers and business groups argued that the consultation caused unneeded delays and increased the cost of projects . The Bush administration made the independent consultation optional , arguing that it was a minor shift in policy . One impetus for the rule change was concern by the Bush administration that the Endangered Species Act might be used as a back door to regulate greenhouse gases as a way to combat climate change . The Interior Department earlier had declared the polar bear a threatened species because of the loss of Arctic sea ice , a change attributed to global warming . Salazar and Lock said the two departments will jointly decide if any changes are needed to improve the interagency consultation procedures . The Fish and Wildlife Service , which is part of the Interior Department , has jurisdiction over plants and animals , while NOAA , part of the Commerce Department , deals with fish species that are at risk of extinction .

9_7ecb.xml
Just six weeks before President-elect Barack Obama takes office , the Bush administration issued revised endangered species regulations Thursday to reduce the input of federal scientists and to block the law from being used to fight global warming The changes , which will go into effect in about 30 days , were completed in just four months . But they could take Obama much longer to reverse . They will eliminate some of the mandatory , independent reviews that government scientists have performed for 35 years on dams , power plants , timber sales and other projects , a step that developers and other federal agencies have blamed for delays and cost increases . The rules also prohibit federal agencies from evaluating the effect on endangered species and the places they live from a project 's contribution to increased global warming . Interior Department officials described the changes as `` narrow , '' but admitted that the regulations were controversial inside the agency . Environmentalists viewed them as eroding the protections for endangered species . Interior officials said federal agencies could still seek the expertise of federal wildlife biologists on a voluntary basis , and that other parts of the law will ensure that species are protected . `` Nothing in this regulation relieves a federal agency of its responsibilities to ensure that species are not harmed , '' said Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne in a conference call with reporters . Current rules require biologists in the Fish and Wildlife Service and National Marine Fisheries Service to sign off on projects even when it is determined that they are not likely to harm species . The rule finalized Thursday would do away with that requirement , reducing the number of consultations so that the government 's experts can focus on cases that pose the greatest harm to wildlife , officials said . But environmentalists said that the rule changes would put decisions about endangered species into the hands of agencies with a vested interest in advancing a project and with little expertise about wildlife . Several environmental groups filed a lawsuit in federal court in San Francisco hours after the rule 's announcement . Jamie Rappaport Clark , a former director of the Fish and Wildlife Service and a vice president of Defenders of Wildlife , said Thursday that the changes target the `` absolute heart of the Endangered Species Act . '' Clark told a House hearing on the Bush administration 's last-minute environmental regulations that these changes remove `` a system of checks and balances that provides an essential safety net for imperiled animals and plants . '' Between 1998 and 2002 , the Fish and Wildlife Service conducted 300,000 consultations . The National Marine Fisheries Service , which evaluates projects affecting marine species , conducts about 1,300 reviews each year . The reviews have helped safeguard protected species such as bald eagles , Florida panthers and whooping cranes . A federal government handbook from 1998 described the consultations as `` some of the most valuable and powerful tools to conserve listed species . '' The Bush administration worked diligently to get the change in place before Obama took over , corralling 15 experts in Washington in October to sort through 250,000 written comments from the public on the revisions in 32 hours . Obama has said he would work to reverse the changes . But because the rule takes effect before he is sworn in , he would have to restart the lengthy rulemaking process . House Natural Resources Committee Chairman Rep. Nick Rahall , D-W.Va. , said he would seek to overturn the regulations using the Congressional Review Act after consulting with other Democratic leaders . The rarely used law allows Congress to review new federal regulations . Congress has opposed similar changes to the endangered species protections in the past . In 2003 , the Bush administration imposed similar rules that would have allowed agencies to approve new pesticides and wildfire reduction projects without seeking the opinion of government scientists . The pesticide rule was later overturned in court . The Interior Department , along with the Forest Service , is currently being sued over the rule governing wildfire prevention . In 2005 , the House passed a bill that would have made similar changes to the Endangered Species Act , but the bill died in the Senate . Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe , the leading Republican on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , said in a statement the new regulations were `` common-sense changes to a law much overdue for reform . '' There are a handful of other environmental regulations still pending before Bush leaves office , including a rule to exempt large agricultural operations from reporting releases of ammonia and other hazardous air pollutants . They must be finalized by Dec. 19 in order for them go into effect before Jan. 20 . In a related development , the Interior Department also finalized Thursday a special rule for the polar bear , a species that was listed as threatened in May because of global warming . The rule would allow oil and gas exploration in areas where the bears live , as long as the companies comply with the Marine Mammal Protection Act .

9_7ecbplus.xml
http : news . mongabay . com 2009 0428 - hance _ esa . html Obama administration overturns rule that weakened Endangered Species Act April 28 , 2009 Interior Secretary Ken Salazar announced today that the Obama administration will reverse an Endangered Species Act ( ESA ) regulation that allowed federal agencies to go ahead with actions that may impact endangered species without consulting with experts , essentially circumventing the role of conservation scientists in such decisions . "By rolling back this eleventh - hour regulation , we are ensuring that threatened and endangered species continue to receive the full protection of the law" said Salazar . The change to the ESA was made last December by the Bush administration and drew heavy criticism from environmental and conservation groups . At the time , during heavy campaigning , Obama stated that he opposed the last minute rule changes with a spokesman stating : “ As president , Senator Obama will fight to maintain the strong protections of the Endangered Species Act and undo this proposal from President Bush . ” Darin Schroeder , Vice President for Conservation Advocacy at the environmental organization , American Bird Conservancy , agreed with Salazar ’ s decision . “ We are gratified Secretary Salazar and Secretary Locke acted to restore the Endangered Species Act to its intended strength . The consultation process is one of the cornerstones of the ESA , and one of the key checks and balances that ensures protection for the 90 birds and 1 , 263 other animals and plants it covers . ” Another anticipated ruling regarding polar bears has not been announced yet . While the Bush administration found that melting ice in the Arctic due to climate change was endangering polar bears , they ruled that the ESA could not used to regulate carbon emissions in order to protect the polar bear . Salazar must make a judgment on this rule by May 9th . “ Secretary Salazar took an important step today toward restoring needed protections for endangered species , ” said Noah Greenwald , biodiversity program director for the Center for Biological Diversity . “ But he still needs to rescind the special rule for the polar bear , which amounts to a death sentence for the majestic bear because it exempts greenhouse gas emissions from regulation . ”

9_8ecb.xml
The Bush administration on Thursday eliminated 35-year-old regulations in the Endangered Species Act that required an independent scientific review of proposed federal projects to determine whether they imperil protected plants and animals . Instead , federal agencies undertaking projects like road and power plant construction or oil and gas drilling will make their own assessment . Without the independent reviews , such projects could be accelerated . As part of the changes announced by Interior Secretary Dirk Kempthorne in the final days of the Bush administration , the department finalized an interim rule that allows oil and gas drilling in polar bear habitat off Alaska 's coast . The rule change is designed to prevent the Endangered Species Act from being used to regulate greenhouse gas emissions , essentially making climate change policy . Kempthorne , who characterized the new rules as a common-sense streamlining of bureaucratic processes , acknowledged that there was disagreement within the department regarding the rules , which take effect in 30 days . Under current law , agencies must submit any plans that could harm species on the endangered list for review by scientists at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , which enforces the Endangered Species Act . The process has been criticized by home builders groups and the oil and gas industry for delaying costly projects . The consultation requirement was intended as more than just a check and balance . Jamie Rappaport Clark , executive vice president of Defenders of Wildlife and director of Fish and Wildlife under President Clinton , said the consultation process resolved the problem of `` mission conflict '' between agencies . The Department of Defense , for example , might not understand why an endangered plant should be considered when expanding a bombing range . `` The problem is the agencies do n't always properly consider , understand or protect species in their habitat because they are focused on the pursuit of their primary mission , '' Clark said . `` It 's hard for the biologists to satisfy their responsibility to protect species if the agency perceives it affects their primary mission . '' President-elect Barack Obama said he would reverse the rule changes , as have some members of Congress . But that requires a lengthy rule-making process . In the House , members can invoke the rarely used Congressional Review Act to overturn the regulations . `` These changes are going to result in more species being put in jeopardy , '' Clark said . `` But more importantly , we are not going to know what we do n't know anymore . '' Officials said agencies would still be held liable if they approved projects that harmed threatened or endangered species . Kempthorne also noted that any federal agency could choose to informally consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service at any time . H. Dale Hall , director of Fish and Wildlife , said he had concerns about how fast the estimated 235,000 public comments were processed . Staff assigned to the job spent eight hours a day tabulating the comments . Working under strict time restraints , agency employees had nine seconds to read each letter , according to one calculation . Officials said that more than 200,000 of the comments opposed the rule change . Attempts to revise the Endangered Species Act have been rebuffed by Congress in recent years . Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D-Calif. ) said Thursday 's actions were another assault on the law . `` These midnight regulations are part of a continuing effort by the Bush administration to repeal our landmark environmental laws through the back door and weaken protections for our nation 's endangered species , '' she said in a statement . `` I believe they are illegal , and if similar regulations had been in place , they would have undermined our ability to protect the bald eagle , the grizzly bear and the gray whale , '' Boxer said . Environmental groups , which took the administration to court to force it to list the polar bear , vowed to continue the legal battle . Three groups , the Center for Biological Diversity , Greenpeace and Defenders of Wildlife , filed suit in San Francisco hours after the changes were announced , arguing that the regulations failed to follow the public review process . `` The Bush administration has repackaged the same old lump of coal as a holiday present for the polar bear , and once again handed its friends in the oil industry a huge gift , '' said Kassie Siegel , climate program director at the Center for Biological Diversity and lead author of the 2005 petition to list polar bears . `` These regulations seem designed to drive the polar bear extinct . '' The rule regarding polar bears comes seven months after that animal became the first to be placed on the Endangered Species List primarily because of global climate change . The melting of sea ice is threatening the polar bear with extinction . This summer , scores of polar bears were observed swimming in open seas , far from land or ice floes . But Kempthorne said that he would n't allow the 1973 law to be used as a `` back door for implementing climate-change policy . '' To that end , he clarified regulations addressing threats to polar bear habitat : greenhouse emissions from automobiles , power plants and other human activities . The act requires federal agencies to designate habitat critical to the creature 's survival , then protect it by strict enforcement . Kempthorne said that according to his reading , court rulings require pinpointing a specific source of a threat to habitat -- something that he said was scientifically impossible . That interpretation of the courts ' opinions gives the government few options to protect polar bear habitat .

9_8ecbplus.xml
http : voices . yahoo . com president - obama - overturns - endangered - species - rule - 2815333 . html President Obama Overturns Endangered Species Rule Bush Instated Former President Bush Had Enacted Legislation that Could Have Put More Animals in Danger Mar 4 , 2009 In a move that could anger some people on the other side of the aisle , President Obama overturned an administration regulation that could have possibly weakened the stability of the Endangered Species Act . Before former President George W . Bush left office , he passed legislation that would have allowed federal agencies to skip consultations before launching projects that could affect endangered wildlife . This could have put more animals at risk , and while it would have eliminated a lot of red tape in the process , it could have been more risky to endangered animals than necessary . The problem with the legislation by Bush was that it was taking scientists out of the equation , and basically removing the most knowledgeable people from the equation . It would have given a lot of additional power to federal agencies , but stripped a lot of the rights that the Endangered Species Act gives to the animals which it seeks to protect . While the act is not perfect in its implementation or enforcement , undermining by removing any "teeth" that it might have was a big step in the wrong direction . President Obama has already received immense support from environmentalists for this move , and by overturning something the Bush administration put in place , he showed that he is also willing to step up to the plate on issues such as these . By flat out declaring that it is necessary to ensure that no harm will come to endangered species as the result of new projects , it gives the Endangered Species Act more strength , and does a lot to further the cause of environmentalists looking to protect these animals . With scientists being put back into the equation , it gives a lot of hope that the threatened wildlife will stand a better chance at surviving over the long term . It was a questionable move when Bush made the move to approve the last - minute legislation during his second term , and while there were a lot of objections , nothing could really be done at the time . With an eye toward the future , President Obama made a really smart decision by bringing scientists back into the endangered species fold , and surely helped to save a number of animals that could have otherwise been put at risk .

9_9ecb.xml
In a move environmental groups says strikes at the heart of the Endangered Species Act , the Bush administration on Thursday announced a new rule that would let federal agencies decide on their own whether their projects harm endangered species , instead of requiring them in many cases to get a second opinion from federal wildlife experts .

9_9ecbplus.xml
https : www . commondreams . org newswire 2009 04 27 - 1 Biologists Call on Obama Administration to Overturn Bush Rules That Cut Science Out of Endangered Species Decisions Interior and Commerce Secretaries Must Act by May 9 WASHINGTON - April 27 - More than 1 , 300 federal and independent scientists with biological expertise and three leading scientific societies today called on the Interior and Commerce departments to overturn rule changes made in January that weaken the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act . In a letter , the scientists urged the department secretaries to rescind changes to Endangered Species Act regulations that allow federal agencies to decide for themselves if their own projects - - such as roads , dams and mines - - would threaten imperiled species . Previously , federal agencies were required to consult with biologists at the U . S . Fish and Wildlife Service or National Marine Fisheries Service before undertaking or permitting projects . "Many federal agencies do not have the scientific expertise to determine the consequences of federal projects on endangered species and may have vested interests in the implementation of a project , " said Stuart Pimm , Doris Duke Professor of Conservation Ecology at Duke University , who helped organize the scientists' letter . "The new rules exclude expert scientists - - who for decades have provided impartial review and critical analysis - - from the process . " The Ornithological Council , Society for Conservation Biology and the Wildlife Society , which collectively represent more than 20 , 000 scientists , also sent a letter today asking the Interior and Commerce secretaries to rescind the changes and make other improvements to the scientific base of the Endangered Species Act . "As the threats we face continue to evolve , federal scientists must be able to evaluate their consequences for imperiled species . Putting boundaries on the science that informs the Endangered Species Act fundamentally undermines the ability of science and scientists to protect our nation's biodiversity , " said Alan Thornhill , an ecologist and executive director of the Society for Conservation Biology . "Politics plays a huge role in such decisions , " said Michael Hutchins , executive director and CEO of The Wildlife Society . "Expert review and oversight are critical . " The rules generated concern when they were hastily pushed through at the end of the last administration with little discussion or debate . The Obama administration has addressed the rule change , but has not formally overturned it . On March 3 , President Obama directed the Commerce and Interior departments to review it , stating that "we should be looking at ways to strengthen [ the Endangered Species Act ] - - not weaken it . " President Obama also directed federal agencies to continue consulting with scientists on projects that might harm endangered species . Congress also has taken steps to address the problem . A provision in an omnibus spending bill signed by President Obama on March 11 allows Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Commerce Secretary Gary Locke to rescind the rule changes within 60 days . Secretary Salazar has said publicly that he is concerned about the rule changes , but has not indicated that he will act by the May 9 deadline . On Friday , it was reported that the Interior Department sent a rule to the White House Office of Management and Budget that addresses the interagency review process but not other parts of the rules that the scientists want repealed , particularly the limits on what kinds of information can be used in determining how to protect the polar bear . The content of the rule was not released . The two letters also urge the administration to take a more comprehensive look at how science can better inform decision - making under the Endangered Species Act . According to the scientists , other recent changes create unrealistic deadlines for scientific consultations and limit the types of information federal scientists can consider when evaluating federal projects . "These changes chop down the role of science in governmental decision - making , leaving less than a stump behind . The loss of science translates into real loss of biodiversity , " said Francesca Grifo , a biodiversity expert and director of the Union of Concerned Scientists' Scientific Integrity Program . "The new rules weaken the scientific foundation of the Endangered Species Act and make it easier to base decisions on politics instead of science . In giving the departments the authority to roll back these rules , Congress has given the American People a gift , and the department secretaries need to open it . "

